supporter:You're certainly welcome.  Take care of yourself!
seeker:Thanks, bye bye! 

supporter:hi! how's your day going?
seeker:Hi there, I really need someone to talk to. My partner has been cheating on me and I feel totally worthless. 
supporter:oh my goodness. I'm so sorry to hear that. when did you find out?
seeker:Only very recently. I answered his phone and it was her! When I confronted him he admitted it. 
supporter:that's a hard way to find out. are you still in the same house?
seeker:Yes because for financial reasons we have to be. Our relationship is really strained though and we are sleeping in separate bedrooms. 
supporter:i can't imagine what you are going through, but separate spaces sounds like a very good idea to me. 
seeker:It is made worse by the fact that we are in lockdown and so can't really see other people at the moment. Do you think I should try and break away for good? 
supporter:before you take any action, i'd ask myself what are your options?
supporter:you know that his actions have very little to do with you and more to do with him, right?
seeker:Well, I could move out but I can't afford to rent a flat on my own. I'd have to move in with my parents, realistically. 
seeker:I keep telling myself that but I feel really betrayed. I keep wondering what she is like and whether she is prettier and more successful than me. 
supporter:are your parents supportive of that idea? 
seeker:I have not really talked to them about it. I feel a bit ashamed having to admit to them that my relationship has not worked out. 
supporter:it's not about her or you. it's about him. 
seeker:But I can't help thinking that perhaps I did something wrong that made him stray? 
supporter:they will understand. opening up to them will be the hardest part. it's a shame cocktail, but it's not one you made
seeker:Do you think that there is any point at all in trying to mend things at this stage? He has promised he will not see her again but I don't think I could ever trust him. 
supporter:it's in our nature as women to ask "what did I do?" but it is never about us or anything we did. 
seeker:Thank you, I am really glad that you understand. I don't feel that I will ever be able to trust any man again! 
supporter:trust and vunerability is huge in a relationship. i'd look for professional help if you wan tot try and work on it
seeker:I can't really afford professional help. And I don't want to be a burden on my friends. I worry that I am already annoying them. 
supporter:do you have a friend who has been through a similar situation? sometime that helps.also, sharing your burden with someone does NOT add to their burden
seeker:I do have a friend who has been through the same though ironically it is a male friend whose wife cheated on him! 
supporter:my guess is he felt the same way you are feeling right now
seeker:Yes. It is just such a deep betrayal. I think I could have forgiven him if it had just been a one time mistake but he had been seeing her for ages. 
supporter:watch the brene brown video on youtube with the cartoon animal about empathy - it should help when looking for friends to rely upon
supporter:grrrr. that would make me angry too
seeker:It is nice to have things to distract myself from the things that are making me feel terrible. Do you have any other suggestions for distractions? 
seeker:I just keep thinking that every evening when he was returning home with me and with every nice thing he said he was being false. 
supporter:i'm totally into the podcasts "a slob comes clean" basically it's about getting your poop in a group
seeker:Hmm that sounds .. interesting :D. Is that a metaphor? 
supporter:that's so hard. imagine how much energy he had to use to keep his lives from colliding. he couldn't find a better use for that energy?!
seeker:I know, right!! Do you think it would be helpful for me to try and talk to this woman and see how she feels? I dunno if she even realises that he was in a committed relationship 
supporter:yes! LOL but it's been helping me focus my anxiety into being a bit more productive
seeker:Anything that will help me with my anxiety is worth trying at the moment. 
supporter:what do you want to hear from her? is there anything she could say that woudl make you feel better?
supporter:NO!! she's not going to be able to help you unless you need a witness for divorce court
seeker:It would be less of a betrayal, I think, if she did not know about me. I would never do that to another woman! 
supporter:she likely knew, othewise how would he explain all the time he spent with you to her?
seeker:I suppose that's a good point too. I think maybe I do just need to make a total break and not look back. 
seeker:I do appreciate you talking, you have helped me to see things a great deal more clearly than I previously did.
supporter:glad i could help. please stay safe and no matter what you decide to do, you will be fine.
seeker:Thank you and the same to you! Have a nice rest of day. 

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello how are you feeling today?
seeker:Well. Not so good i just broke up with my girlfriend and she is packing her stuff to leave
seeker:How are you doing?
supporter:I am very sorry to hear that. Breakups can be rough. I'm great! Thanks for asking. Was this a mutual agreement?
seeker:Well technically it was a mutual agreement but i feel like I dont want this to happen
seeker:So what are you up to?
seeker:Hello? Are you there?
supporter:Was there a reasoning behind your decision? Sometimes we let our anger and emotions make our decisions for us.
seeker:Well. Basically all started for jealousy and she saw a couple of text messages of my best friend and she misunderstood the conversation and since then its not the same. 
seeker:She doesnt trust me 
supporter:I see trust is a very important key factor in relationships and without it the relationship stays stagnant. Have you tried reassuring her that your intentions are pure and maybe gave her some words of affirmation that would let her know how you truly feel about her? Just because you guys are best friends all she sees in her head is that you're talking to another female. Maybe she also has her wall up and some insecurities that you can help her with. 
seeker:I tried in many way to help her with that and proving her that my feelings toward her was pure. I basically stop talking to my best friend to gain her confidence. But it did not work
seeker:So it got to the point that nothing was the same
seeker:So she decided to move away and gave us some spaces and think this out
supporter:How long have you two been together? Sometimes moving on from a relationship and staying single from some time can give you time to reflect and work on yourself for yourself. You never know the two of you might come back together stronger than before cause space might be all that your relationship needs at this moment.
supporter:I know this might be so tough for you but l want you to know that you are never alone and you can do this. Maybe read a new book or pick up a new hobby for the time being.
seeker:We were together for two years
seeker:Im trying my best to go through this
seeker:I hope so. Thanks for all those words
seeker:It really helps
supporter:You're doing the right thing by talking to someone about it. We are not meant to be alone in our thoughts because it can be a scary thing. Bottling up emotions is also never good so for you to reach out is very good and the first step to maybe feeling a little better. I've been in your same shoes and trust me it doesn't feel good so just know I am here for you and you can talk to me in confidence.
seeker:Well thank so much. You really help me a lot with every single word
seeker:Well i have to go. Ill talk to you later
supporter:Absolutely! You have an amazing day and keep you head up!

seeker:Hello there, would you be able to give me some advice? 
seeker:The first lockdown was bad enough but the second has really thrown me into despair. I simply cannot cope without being able to see friends and family for much longer. 
supporter:I would be glad to. What is troubling you?
seeker:I have run out of coping mechanisms!
supporter:I completely understand and had similar experiences. What were some ways you tried to interact with people last shut down?
seeker:I use facebook quite a lot and it helps but it cannot compensate for face to face contact. I really need to be able to see people. 
supporter:Digital contact does have its limitations. Could you meet with people outside at a distance?
seeker:Well, part of the problem with that is that I am not sure what the rules are any more! We have been told so many different things that I am out of the loop. 
supporter:I understand. Try sticking to the basics to make it less stressful. Wear a mask outside at a distance. 
seeker:I always do wear a mask.. I think we legally have to :). I really miss little things like going out for coffee or to the gym though. It makes me feel like will never be the same again. 
supporter:Have to talked about this with friends? They may be feeling the same way. Just talking this out with the may be reassuring. 
seeker:I have a little bit but I don't want to burden them. The other aspect is that it is making me anxious about many others things too. I keep having morbid thoughts about what will happen if the pandemic never ends. 
supporter:That’s understandable. Maybe talking to a professional who you don’t have to worry about burdening with your concerns will  allow you to talk about your concerns. 
seeker:That's why I'm here ;). You are being very helpful, thank you! It's just nice to be able to tell people what I am worried about and not have them think that I am just being silly. 
supporter:Many people are struggling with the current state of affairs. Don’t be afraid to talk to people they may also be afraid to talk to people and you could miss out on supporting each other. 
seeker:That does sound like really good advice. The other thing I haven't mentioned yet is that I have been having financial pressures because I am on furlough. I am worried that if this lasts much longer I will end up deep in debt. 
supporter:I am sorry that wasn’t helpful. 
supporter:Have you tried looking into local recourses in your city?
seeker:I felt that you were very helpful. It is nice to just know that someone is listening. I do not think that there is much in the way of local resources at the moment - everyone is very stretched. 
supporter:That is true it has been hard for many people. 
seeker:I do feel better for having been able to talk to you about this - thank you very much! 
seeker:I think I will be able to carry on for a bit now. Thanks again and best wishes! 
supporter:I’m glad I could provide you some support

supporter:Hi, is there anything you would like to talk about today?
supporter:Take your time I will be right here.
seeker:Just can not seem to get out of this funk
supporter:What kind of a funk is it? Do you have to go to work or school? Please tell me more about how you are feeling so I can understand better.
seeker:Nothing seems to be fun and I work from home
supporter:Are you doing okay workwise, getting enough done, getting it done on time? Or is it difficult to get motivated about anything? Is there anything that you think started making you feel this way? I am very interested in understanding how you feel.
seeker:I think this whole Covid thing has been depressing! I get my work done but it is a chore.
supporter:Do you live alone? Did you work at home before COVID? I worked at home before COVID but with COVID I became very isolated. I don't have any neighbors within sight of my house. This my sound weird but I make up  fantasies in my head like I am an alien's pet and my home is my habitat or I pretend I am hiding out  keeping something safe, or a pioneer woman waiting for her family to get back from the store which is a six  month trip. 
seeker:I live with my spouse, and I did work at home before. Pioneer story funny! It is hard not being able to enjoy going out. 
supporter:I am glad you are able to work, financial stress really sucks. I think Covid has us all down at least at some point. 
seeker:Just want it to be over and then the election too!
seeker:There has been so much emotional things in the world going on right now
seeker:BLM, election Covid...
supporter:Yes, and it doesn't seem to have an end in sight. But at some point it will be over. If you don't feel more like yourself say a month from now I have to seeing a doctor because some depression requires it but that said some depression is normal and usually precedes change. I was told that it sort of erases our expectations and allows us to accept the new thing in a better way. 
seeker:I would say when i take a walk at the park it does help
seeker:Also working out
seeker:So exercise and sunshine brings my mood up a bit
supporter:You sound  stressed over things that you have little to no control over. Take a deep breath. Tickle each other. Pretend you are the adam and eve couple traveling to populate a new world and the house is your spaceship run with it and have some adult play time lose yourselves and destress. It is good that you can enjoy the sunshine and the park. You can only control and influence what happens around you. Concentrate on making that a good place to be and that will change the world a little at a time.
seeker:good advice
seeker:I will try
supporter:Just hoping to make you feel better and help with some of your worries that don't need to add to your stress. So you don't seem to be depressed as much as stressed and worried which is interfering with things, would that be accurate or could you explain more?
seeker:Yes, things that I cannot change and the things I can change, including a more positive attitude
supporter:Positive attitudes are never bad, slightly annoying to some first thing in the morning but in a good way. lol
seeker:Yes, I need coffee first! Thank you for your advice!
supporter:Coffee sounds good. You are welcome and thank you for sharing!
seeker:Happy Thanksgiving:)
supporter:Happy Thanksgiving to you as well.

seeker:Hello
supporter:Good Afternoon
supporter:How are you doing troday?
seeker:I am Ok thanks but have an unusual issue. I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me but I'm too scared to do anything about it as I don't want her to leave me. I feel ashamed of myself but I can't help it
supporter:Being in a relationship with someone when you suspect unfaithful behavior is a rough thing to go through. 
seeker:Yes it is but I should be leaving her and moving on. Problem is she is a 9 and I'm a 5 and I love her. Pretty sure she is cheating though so hopefully if I ignore it she may just leave things as they are.
supporter:I've dealt with the same problem with my partner more than once. I love him very much and I found him to be a 9 to my 5 as well. However, the question of whether he was cheating or not was destroying my trust in him and everyone else not to mention what self-respect I had... I had to break down and talk to him about it
seeker:What happened out of interest when you had the conversation?
supporter:Ignoring this will NOT help things. There is NO relief in pretending a question or concern does not exist.
supporter:Like I said the question has arisen more than once. The first time he owned to talking to other women, but nothing more.Since that time, he denies everything. 
seeker:I know. I'm a typical man and I like the feeling when she is on my arm. I feel like the cat that has got the cream. It's superficial and sad I know. I knew this would never last. She is just too attractive for me. Everyone told me Iwas 'punching above my weight' and now they will all be laughing if it ends.   
supporter:Honestly, its not anyone else's business. IF you're suspicions are in fact correct, then you've got to see that a loving and faithful 5 is better than a heart-breaking 10. However should you find that maybe the devils of insecurities are tricking you into thinking that she's cheating, then remember that what the two of you share o=is FOR THE TWO of you. Its a relationship, not a community project! Even mu advice, albeit in the air to help you best I can. is not more important that what matters most to YOU and HER!
supporter:Curiously, why do you think she's cheating?
seeker:I'm almost certain of it, she is super protective of her phone and never used to be. She is always texting and vague when I ask who she is messaging. She goes away with work and when she does she rarely messages me. Recently she said when was going way for a work trip for three nights but when I called her office her colleague said they got back after two. 
supporter:Hmm... So have you two live together?  How long has this kind of behavior persisted? When you ask her about this behavior, how do you present the question and how does she react? Finally, how often do you talk with her about the situation?
seeker:That's just it. I kind of know she is cheating but I haven't approached it with her because I'm scared see will just leave and I'll be a laughing stock. I suppose I'm a joke either way!
supporter:Don't get me wrong, I completely understand why you have suspicions. Really I think anyone would in the same shoes... However, as humans, we tend to either assume the best or the worst of others. There's always a margin of error present as a variable in such situations.
seeker:very true. I suppose I have just assumed at this stage with no real evidence. do you think I should just talk to her?
supporter:Forgive me if this comes off as disrespectful... I only want to help you. 
seeker:not at all. I appreciate your candour.
supporter:But if you feel as though you're a joke regardless, then why stay in a relationship where you're getting hurt? I know that you don't want to lose the beauty but would you not be happier with loyalty?
seeker:All this is tied up with who and I know I'm valuing the wrong things. You are right actually. I think some of this comes from my low self-esteem. having a 9 helps with that. but maybe I need to deal with it directly.
supporter:I wholly believe you should gently but steadfastly confront her. I absolutely do not mean to suggest a dispute or argument. That will not help either. Simply ask her about the things that you KNOW aren't acceptable; lying about how long her trip was is one of them. Also, its okay to talk about how that stuff makes you feel, but try not to project your feelings as her fault. I know that it seems like they are... But she didn't MAKE you feel any specific way, even if her ACTIONS influenced how you were already feeling. 
seeker:That seems like well considered and thoughtful advice thanks for that. What is clear is that we need to have a conversation. Thanks for helping me reach this conclusion. 

supporter:Hello there! How are you feeling today? 
seeker:Hello
seeker:I am OK but I have a bot of a work issue that I'd like some support with if possible?
supporter:Of course! What sort of issue is it? 
seeker:I have done the same job for 7 years but it is now full and boring. It pays OK but it is all I know. I'm scared that I will get resentful in this job if I stay where I am but I haven't got a clue what to do for the best.
supporter:I see, so you feel that your position has become stagnant and you know longer take any pleasure in your work? 
seeker:That's exactly it yes. The question is I don't have any official qualifications, just experience and I'd like a change of career but this scared me to death!  
supporter:Are there any opportunities for advancement or retraining in your current position? Perhaps strive for a promotion? 
seeker:Potentially yes but the position above me is not really like for me and I don't like the reporting line. I think I fancy a change but not quite sure how to tackle it. I need the income so can't just leave but also need to do something about it. do you understand the predicament?
supporter:Yes I do. I sympathise with you because it must be terrible to feel that you are stuck in something that you really no longer like and yet be afraid to try and change your situation. I am sure that there is some solution though! 
seeker:Yeah meet too it's just finding a way where I can maybe stay where I am whilst exploring other opportunities to see what I'd like to do. It's a tough one.
supporter:Well, you will never know unless you take the plunge into the unknown! I do realise how difficult it is for you to do that though. Perhaps start putting out feelers to other companies? There is no harm in that. 
seeker:Sue that's actually a good idea. No harm I suppose and my current employer would be none the wiser.
supporter:True! it would also be great for your self esteem to realise just how much more there is out there that you could be doing. 
seeker:I know, it is a big world out there and I have been doing the same thing for so long. It is exciting but also quite unnerving. Is this normal?
supporter:Yes, there is nothing to worry about. Do you have any relevant qualifications that might help you find another job? 
seeker:I have experience and I am pretty hard-working. I have also made quite a few connections over the past 7 years.
supporter:It all sounds very promising. If you think they'd not tell your boss why don't you talk to some of your connections and see if they can put you onto something better? 
seeker:Yeah reaching out to my network is probably a good idea - as long as they keep the fact that I am looking for something else quiet. I'd state on Linked in that I'm looking for work but then everyone would know :-)
supporter:One other suggestion - it's a high risk strategy but do you think your boss might be sympathetic if you discussed this with him or her? You never know, they might even have some good suggestions - perhaps they feel the same! 
seeker:Actually you might be right there. I should be able to open up about this and they should be supporting my development. Great suggestion. I think I'm overthinking things.
supporter:No I do not believe that you are overthinking at all.  This is a very important aspect of your life and will shape your future! 
seeker:Yes true thanks for your understanding
supporter:You are most welcome - I hope that I have been able to give you some peace of mind.
seeker:You have indeed, thanks for this conversation.
supporter:Please let me know how things go for you in the future - I am sure that in six months time things will be looking a lot brighter! 
seeker:Will do, thanks again!
supporter:Erm .. cup of coffee? 

supporter:Good afternoon how may I help you today?
seeker:Hello there. I'm suffering with increased depression and I'm not quite clear why.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Is there any change in your routine as of lately?
seeker:No not really. I have suffered from depression before but it seems to have spiked recently. The only thing that is different these days is lockdown. I think that's the same for everyone.
supporter:These past few months has been extremely difficult. In the past, what did you do for your depression?
seeker:I saw a psychiatrist face to face but only once every month. I've always had a low mood but now I'm anxious that it will continue to get worse.
supporter:Talking to a professional is always ideal. Is there a way to see that psychiatrist again? 
seeker:Since lockdown  haven't spoken to her but maybe she can do a video call. At the start it was fine, I was feeling just as I always have but I don't want this to get any worse. What if she isn't available? 
supporter:It wouldn't hurt to try and reach out. If she isn't available, there are other services.
seeker:What like support groups etc? I'm also sure this isn't just related to lockdown and not seeing my specialist. It's weird and a little concerning to be honest.
supporter:Not necessarily support groups, but more like psychiatry apps where a trained professional is available via chat, or video and its specifically through the app. 
seeker:I hadn't thought of that. I know there are a few of these nowadays.
supporter:There a lot more since Covid began in March, so it's worth as a backup plan if your doctor isn't available. Sometimes its good to have options.
seeker:I'll start a plan and seeing if I can see my usual therapist and go from there. Sometimes it just helps talk it through depression stops you from seeing things clearly. Do you have any experience with mental health issues? 
supporter:After my son was born I developed Post Partem depression and anxiety. It wasn't until almost a year and half after he was born to realize it. 
seeker:That must have been difficult to deal with. Mental health affects so many people in so many ways. It's good that it's recognised these days at least.
supporter:It was. Luckily I had my doctor to help me. Family members meant well but chalked it up to "that's what its like to be a mom" but it is more than that. 
seeker:I think this is why it's always best to see a professional. I really should try to reconnect with mine.
supporter:I agree. There is a lot of well meaning advice out there, but its best to see a professional to really help you.
seeker:Thanks for the chat, it has helped me put things in perspective.
supporter:I'm glad I could help. I hope you get to speak with your psychiatrist, or at least find a good one through an app.
seeker:Thank you!

supporter:Hello. What would you like to discuss today?
seeker:Hi my company laid off 10% of the workforce yesterdsy and I'm worried I
seeker:I'm next
supporter:My goodness. I know that's very difficult to handle. Are you feeling anxiety?
seeker:Yeah, I'm really nervous about what's happening. Based on who they let go, I think I'll be next because of tenure and experience level.
supporter:So would it appear that they are laying off the people who have been there the shortest time first?
seeker:Well it's a mix of tenure and department. They also furloughed another 10% of the workforce as well so we're 20% smaller now
supporter:I know this is a terrible time to be laid off from your job. Do you feel that you have a contingency plan if you are one of those who is laid off?
seeker:No and we are in a worse position. My wife was laid off from her job 3 months ago. I'm the only breadwinner right now
supporter:Oh my goodness. Will either of you be able to claim unemployment while you search for new jobs? My brother was recently laid off and he's considering out of state options to hopefully find a job sooner. While that's certainly not an option for everyone, his unemployment is helping to keep his family afloat.
seeker:Yeah my wife filed and we just started getting it but it's nowhere what she was making of course. But yeah we can at least pay the electric bill and stuff. 
supporter:Ok, well that's one small thing to help. Are you a renter or owner? As there are a few programs available to help with mortgage payments.
seeker:I'm an owner. What kind of programs?
supporter:Check on the government page for your state. It's usually your state.gov  an example is Utah.gov. Google it. Most states have aid available but a lot of people just aren't aware of it.
seeker:oh ok that's a good point. I will definitely go look for it after this discussion
supporter:I hope you can find the assistance you need. Is there anything else you'd like to discuss?
seeker:yeah how can I make more money on the side?
seeker:it's sort of why I'm here but it is so hard finding anything good
supporter:As there are a lot of people who've lost their jobs the pickins' are quite slim. But being as the holiday season is upon us. I do knwo there are several stores hiring for seasonal help. Also, Amazon is hiring for customer services reps to work from home I've heard.
seeker:oh cool, that's good to know. Well, I appreciate all your help. I hope you and your family stay safe during the holidays!
supporter:If it's in your area Instacart is also hiring shoppers and delivery drivers. Is that something you might be able to do?
seeker:I haven't tried Instacart but I did sign up for Uber but it's been hard to get gigs. It's really cutthroat out there

supporter:Hi there, how are you doing today?
seeker:Hi I am not sure what to say here. I am not doing very well at all. I am feel sad and hopeless all the time, nothing is any fun, nothing makes me feel that I am doing anything good for anyone.
supporter:I am truly sorry you are feeling this way. Those feelings can be overwhelming. Have you tried talking to a professional about this?
seeker:I don't have any money to pay someone, my boyfriend tells me to quit having a pity party no one is coming to it and to just get over it. His comments and suggestions have not been helpful. My friends have tried to cheer me up but I can tell they are getting frustrated with me and I try to avoid them now.
supporter:There are many therapists out there that work on a sliding scale based on your income. Some even offer free sessions. I would look into that for your local area. It also does not seem like your boyfriend is taking the issue seriously.
supporter:I will tell you from experience, ignoring the issue is not going to help.
seeker:I don't mean to put obstacles in the way of your help but I live 25 miles from town and there is no public transportation here and I don't have a car. You have felt like this before? How long did it last? What did you do to get better?
supporter:It lasts until you deal with it. I talked to someone to help me understand why an dhow i was feeling this way. Dont worry about putting obstacles for me heh im here to help you. 
supporter:One good thing covid has done for us is create a surge of telemedicine. I know my therapist along with many others are doing it this way now. It may not be as great as being in person but it helps having that ear to listen to you.
seeker:I think I feel this way because I feel so stuck. I make a little money working remotely but not enough to make any     big changes and the things I do don't ever last like the house is only clean for moments. 
seeker:You are right, one of my friends who has asthma started getting her meds through an online doctor and I am sure therapists are on line also, she said her doctor is even reasonable and less than her normal office visit that is something I can look into.
supporter:I can relate to that, spend 8 hours cleaning the place up for my 10 year old to tear it all down in 10 minutes. Jobs are a whole other can of worms as well. May i suggest though that, even though big goals are great to strive for, you set a bunch of smaller goals to complete?
seeker:What would be an example of a smaller goal? Enjoy your son my kids are grown and gone and it happens faster than you think.
supporter:Yea just last year they were a baby in my eyes ha. Maybe just even something as apply to 2 new jobs this week. Clean the kitchen on monday. Simple things.
seeker:I don't really have big goals because they all seem too impossible to be realistic.
seeker:Your small goals seem big to me. I can barely drag myself to the kitchen must let get motivated enough to clean it.
supporter:How about starting with just doing the dishes, or wiping down the counter?
seeker:That would be a simple goal, I could try for that, I think maybe I should make my first goal to find an online therapist with a sliding fee scale. Do you know if there are any kind of directories for online therapists?
seeker:How long did it take for you to start to feel better after you started to get  help?
supporter:Yes i think that would be a great first step. I would try a google search like "Therapists (My Area) Sliding Scale"
supporter:As for feeling better its different for everyone. I think it even took a couple months to recognize myself as worthy. Once you start feeling better about yourself it kind of snowballs in a good way.
seeker:Thank you things don't seem quite as hopeless now and I don't feel so alone and misunderstood. You have a nice day and I am going to go do that search now.
supporter:Great! I hope for the best for you!

supporter:hi how's it going today?
seeker:Hello. I just find life very hard. I have not been happy in months.
supporter:i hear you. it has been a hard year. what's been the biggest challenge for you?
seeker:Going out and getting things done. Shopping is hard especially when stores are picked over. 
supporter:it is frustrating not being able to get what you want when you want it. are you having a hard time finding the things you need for right now or for in the future?
seeker:Both. I feel like the future is uncertain. Not just for me but the world.
supporter:it's true, we are not sure what to expect. have you looked for things online?
seeker:Yes, but I feel like a lot of it is speculation and news just makes people more fearful.
supporter:it is like there's a collective panic going on right now. I know for me focusing on the things i CAN control has helped me from spiraling into panic and depression
seeker:How do you deal with other people who focus on all the bad things?
supporter:the "little black rain cloud" people? LOLI try very hard to be kind and remember that we all are going throgh the same pandemic and for most of us it's our first
seeker:Thanks. Do you think things will get better any time soon?
supporter:While there is a lot to focus on that is just awful, it has really helped me to look back to the spanish flue of 1918
supporter:that pandemic was followed byt he roaring 20s
seeker:I know people thinking the country will collapse soon. Hard to deal with them.
supporter:The doomsday people are always around. remeber they mayans predicted the end of the world in 2012
seeker:I have family like that and it is hard to deal with them. Especially during the holidays.
supporter:are you familiar with Mr. Rogers' story about looking for the helpers when things go bad?
seeker:No but I did love that show as a kid.
supporter:Family is hard! So many strong emotions and opinions that aren't always helpful. anyone in particular for you?
seeker:My dad and my GF's dad both have their own opinons on things
supporter:so when disasters happen you dont focus on the bad things but look and you will always find people helping other people
seeker:Yes. I also don't feel like the world will decent into madness, but they do not believe it.
supporter:oooh, that's hard. are you living at home with your dad?
supporter:as a mom, i can tell you that the unknown for your children is scary. often fear and lack of control come out sideways
seeker:No but near him and take care of him.
supporter:that's really nice of you. i'm 800+ miles away from my parents
seeker:That is good and bad. I think it is good to talk about though I do feel a little better thank you.
supporter:if i can suggest something that might help - brene brown, a leadership coach and researcher has a great TED talk about shame and vunerability and a CUTE cartoon animal video on yourtube about empathy 
seeker:Ok thank you very much. I think this is a good stopping point, so thank you for your help
supporter:those help me focus on how hard it is for everyone around me and that i should be kinder to them. everyone has their own crap 
seeker:Indeed. it helps to have people to talk to right?
supporter:true. stay safe
seeker:Thanks you too.

supporter:Hello. How are you feeling today?
seeker:Hi, I'm feeling really anxious today.
supporter:What has made you feel anxious?
seeker:Yesterday my company laid off 10% of the workforce and another 10% got furloughed.
seeker:I'm afraid I might be in the next round.
supporter:I am very sorry to hear that. I am currently in a situation where furloughs are greatly affecting my family as well.
seeker:Oh no that's terrible.
seeker:The problem is, I am right now the only breadwinner in the family. My wife was laid off three months ago
supporter:Are you given specifics on time of furlough?
seeker:No, it's basically until things get better.
supporter:I know that's very difficult. And no doubt why you're here working for crumbs.
supporter:It's why I'm here as well.
seeker:Yeah, trying to make ends meet wherever I can
seeker:I've been also trying to do uber as well but everyone is doing it also
supporter:I know it's a difficult time. Yes Uber is definitely overrun right now. Have you taken any time out to address your anxiety so it doesn't become more serious? 
seeker:I don't know what I can do. I've been trying to keep busy. And I can't afford a therapist or anything like that.
supporter:Yes, that's definitely an expense you can't afford right now. But are you familiar with the concept of controlled breathing to help reduce or relieve anxiety?
seeker:Like meditation?
seeker:What am I supposed to do? Just breathe in and out a lot?
supporter:Not exactly. Controlled breathing is more of getting yourself into a quiet room. Closing your eyes, and purposely and intently focusing on your breathing. Slowly breathe in for a count of 5, then slowly exhale for a count of 5. Repeat this process for approximately 10 minute. It will help your stress levels and help regulate your heart rate!
seeker:Oh I didn't know that. No, I haven't tried that. Does it really work?
supporter:I've been using it myself over the past 3 months and it most definitely helps! But it's absolutely imperative to clear your mind and have complete quiet.
seeker:ok I can try it I guess
seeker:thanks for that tip
supporter:No problem. I hope this gives you some relief! Stay strong!
seeker:yeah, thanks. same to you
supporter:My final piece of advice would be to set aside time that is specified where nothing negative is discussed. No politics, no bills, nothing anxiety producing for you. It's probably best if this time is within an hour of your bedtime becuase anxiety is not conducive to a good night's sleep.
seeker:That's helpful. Thanks.
supporter:No problem. Take care. Wishing you well on your situation.
seeker:Thanks. You too

supporter:hi
seeker:Online learning is not seems easy, Seems I am going to fail this year
supporter:chill my dear friend, nothing of that sort will happen
seeker:In-class learning was way better and I learned a lot but now its so confusing
supporter:everything you need is a little peace of mind, patience and little more effort
seeker:Even working with online tools is hard 
supporter:i understand, but just think everyone else like us are doing the same and facing the same difficulties
seeker:I know but what is I loose a whole year in academic, 
supporter:Think positive my dear friend
supporter:Shake all your negatives
seeker:But I have been in low grades continuously during my last semesters. 
supporter:Just have the confidence within yourselves and believe in YOU, that is the most important thing
supporter:Stop worrying , and think about what can make it better 
seeker:Well it is still hard to understand online learning tools
supporter:Watch Youtube videos
seeker:And my internet sometime screws up when I am submitting the assignments 
seeker:I tried that but I am not tech savy
supporter:Why cant you seek help from a friend of yours who studies well?
supporter:And who is ready to spend time and help you
seeker:Due to social distancing I am not meeting with many people
seeker:But thanks for talking to me it gives me lot of hope
seeker:I shall try to learn from Youtube more maybe that is the only solution for online learning
supporter:you dont have to meet a lot of people, but atleast one or two of your friends with all the safety measures ? who could really help you,and also one of the best solution can be group studies as well
supporter:My pleasure dear friend

supporter:How can I help you?
seeker:I'm so sad all the time.
supporter:Is there something that you think is causing this?
seeker:Nothing in particular, I'm just so sad.  
supporter:Have you any history of depression before?
seeker:I do have some family members with depression.
supporter:Have you seen any physicians about the problem?
seeker:Maybe I should make an appointment.
supporter:Getting help from a trained professional can often help to solve problems
seeker:You make a good point.  What type of doctor could I see?
supporter:You could try going to your primary care physician and ask for recommendations.  
seeker:I can do that.  Are there any doctors that deal with emotions?
supporter:I've help take a family member to a psychiatrist for help and it's been a tremendous support to help their lives be full again after great hardships.
seeker:I'm worried about the stigma of going to a shrink. 
supporter:Under HIPPA your visit is confidential.
seeker:Well in that case, if it can help it may be worth a try.
supporter:You deserve lots of credit for taking care of yourself and seeing a doctor.
seeker:Thank you for the encouragement.
supporter:You are very welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:No thank you.  I think I have some strategies to move forward.

supporter:How can I help you today?
seeker:Hi there. I'm seeking some support, maybe some advice in dealing with a situation at my work.
seeker:I've got a new supervisor who is so different from my last one.
supporter:Sure, I see you need some support at work because your new supervisor is so different than your previous one
supporter:What kinds of things are troubling to you?
seeker:Yes. They have a Military background and bark orders, and change the way I'm working without being open to conversation.
seeker:When I ask questions, they threaten my job. Telling me they "Don't have to explain themselves!" as they are my supervisor.
supporter:Wow, that sounds difficult with them being so militant.  Have you been able to talk to any co-workers in a similar situation?
seeker:Yes, there are two other people supervised by him. One of them is also Military and new him before hand, they seem to get along great. 
seeker:But my other co-worker is like me. Doesn't know what to do, or who to turn to. 
seeker:Sometimes the work environment is pretty hostile when we're just trying to continue projects that were started before he arrived.
supporter:That sounds hard that it is so hostile at work when you trying so hard.
seeker:Yea. But when he threatens and calls my insubordinate, I worry he might be making a case to remove me.
seeker:I wonder if I should talk to the person above him, about it.
seeker:But I worry they might just think I'm complaining because its different
seeker:But it really is uncomfortable.
supporter:It sounds like you worry about having your job taken away from you.  Talking to someone above your supervisor may be a good solution.  
seeker:Its been 3 months since he started, I just wonder if its too soon.
seeker:I'd hate to be seen as a complainer.
seeker:And the person above him, is the person who hired him.
supporter:When I was in a similar situation I had to go to a higher supervisor and was helped a lot. It probably is never too soon, but could be too late if you wait.
seeker:Thats true. I'm not happy at work, but I do love my job. I enjoyed it a lot before him arrived. But now I'm constantly thinking about finding a new job, or worrying about him pushing me out. Maybe thats what he wants, so he can bring in his own people?
supporter:I see you really like your job.  Sometimes just taking a deep breath can help to calm stress.  
seeker:Thats good advice. I do need to do more outside of work to relieve the stress.
seeker:I'll try to do that. Do you think I can speak to him about his tone and maybe explain that communication is much more relaxed?
supporter:Do you think he'll be receptive to your communications if you speak directly to him?
seeker:I think its worth a try, but I don't want him to think I'm being argumentative. Any suggestions on how to have that conversation?
supporter:I can see that you worry about your boss seeing you as argumentative, but could you try it from the perspective of making your boss feel like he is in control?
seeker:Making it his idea. That's a good tactic. I could try that.
seeker:And maybe giving him time to understand the workplace as it new to him too.
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with today?
seeker:I think you've given me some good advice.
seeker:Thank you.
seeker:I feel a little less anxious than I did.
supporter:You are welcome.
seeker:I appreciate it!
supporter:I wish you well.
seeker:You too. Good bye!
supporter:Bye
supporter:Can you please press finish if you are feeling better.

supporter:Hello. I'm here to listen
seeker:The unemployment office is overwhelmed and I'm overwhelmed trying to help my family member. 
supporter:These days all of us have this situation. I can assure you that your family can understand it
supporter:How about an online job?
seeker:Yes,it just very frustrating. My family member has taken another restaurant job only to lose it again for the same reasons, COVID. 
seeker:They have been going to temp services also. 
supporter:I also worked in a coffee house and it has been closed for this damn virus.
supporter:I feel sad too. But we should go on
seeker:The job center's can only help so much. And if they don't have internet skills,then online jobs will help. 
supporter:This sounds good.
seeker:So this family member gave up their apartment, moved back in with family, still fighting unemployment and going to food banks. It's crazy
seeker:They are doing what they can but when we talk about it, it's hard to believe in these modern times we are in such a mess
supporter:I wish this virus ends soon. But believe me everyone have similar situation these days
supporter:Did they try any online job?
seeker:No online computer skills, but they now learned where to get some basic training.
supporter:This sounds good. Wish to learn soon
supporter:I am mourning for my grandpa and my uncle that they gone for the Covid.
supporter:You should be happy that you have them 
seeker:I'm so sorry. I feel a little better talking about this. My family tries to help other family members but we can only do so much. That's when I got frustrated (helping them with unemployment)
supporter:Money is not always a big deal honey
seeker:Yes, there is more to life than money. Unfortunately $ is needed for the basics. 
seeker:Thanks for listening and guidance.
supporter:Of course but having them by your side is a gift.
supporter:your welcome. I wish I could help a little
seeker:Yes and I wish you a good thanksgiving holiday. 
supporter:You too

seeker:I am very upset
supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
supporter:Im sorry to hear your upset. Do you want to go into why you are?
seeker:A friend of more than 20 years hurt me deeply by judging me for not buying a gift for my nephew for his birthday.
supporter:Why would they judge you on that? Do they know your nephew as well?
seeker:Yes, she is very close friends with my nephew's mother as well. She is the kind of person who will go into deep debt and overdraw her bank account to buy someone a gift, I am not. I could not afford the gift, I am disabled and on a very minimal income.
supporter:That i can relate too, i am also disabled and on SSI. Have you spoken to her about how she upset you?
seeker:I did. I took a few days to cool off and then told her that her comments hurt me. I know that she's aware of my financial situation as well as the fact that I am disabled. Her response was that she said nothing wrong.
supporter:Thats a tough spot to be in with a friendship that has lasted so long. Does she tend to treat you like this regularly? 
seeker:No, she really never has. Typically, she feels like other people walk all over her and take advantage of her, but that's never been me and its never been our relationship.
supporter:Then would you say its a little odd for her to be acting in this manner towards you?
seeker:Yes, quite. At times over the years she can become quite self absorbed. But she's never been so downright hurtful. I can't really see a way for our relationship to be the same anymore.
supporter:I would agree that the relationship is getting a bit toxic but before terminating such a long relationship i would do one thing. I would try to see if there is something going on in her life right now for her to be acting like this. Sometimes people dont know how to talk about something thats bothering then and it in turn comes out as anger or spite.
seeker:That's true. We've been through a lot together over the years. But I can't deny that what she said hurt, and our conversations are just so superficial now.
supporter:Yeah to be honest if you press the issue and ask if anything is going and you continue to get toxic responses. It might be time to end the friendship. I would do that as a last resort but there is no need for you to be carrying it one sided and holding all the burden as well. It hurts to have to end a long friendship but unfortunately sometimes it has to happen to keep yourself in a better spot.
seeker:Thanks. I appreciate your help

supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:Hello, I'm feeling very anxious about my classes. How are you?
supporter:I am doing well, I also get really anxious about my classes. They can be really stressful
seeker:Yeah, especially with the pandemic, it's just been so hard to try and focus
supporter:I agree, there is so much going on that it is hard to stay focused while trying to make sense of all this
seeker:Exactly. Do you have any suggestions for what I can do to try and do better in my classes? I've tried talking to my professors, but they've all been really unhelpful thus far
supporter:Of course! I like to wake up a little earlier and at least get started on an assignment to feel like I have accomplished something at least before the rest of the world wakes up. I understand some people like their sleep, so another suggestion is to review any notes you take and use different colored ink for different topics or important highlights
seeker:I think that's a really good idea! I usually sleep in too late and then feel like I'm rushing around to get all of my work done, only adding onto the stress. I also really like the pen idea. Do you have any suggestions for good brands that I should use to help make my notes better?
supporter:Uniball makes really good pens that the option to switch colors on the pen, but they sell packs with different colors too. I like to use red ink for really important things, and blue for things I might think I will need later but aren't sure.
seeker:I think that's a really good idea for helping to improve my focus. If my notes are more eye-catching, it'll help to keep my attention when I'm looking over them again after class and trying to study. I think your suggestion of waking up earlier is good too, what time do you suggest waking up in the morning? I usually don't set an alarm and find myself rushing around before class
supporter:I personally wake up around 6AM and have just gotten used to it so I wake up that time no matter what. I blame the army.  But, an alarm on your phone or computer can be effective. Even having someone you know that wakes up early call you can be a help, provided you are not grumpy at being woke up :)
seeker:I think that would really help. I sometimes have trouble waking up to my alarms in the morning too, but maybe making the ringtone louder would help with that as well or putting it further away from me so that I have to get up further in the morning to get it. Do you think those would be effective too? Or would getting a different alarm help?
supporter:That is a really good idea actually!! I should try that and put my phone on the other side of the room next time I want to wake up earlier. I personally use the most annoying thing I can find as a ringtone/alarm, so that I will make every effort to turn it off but a lot of the alarm clocks you can find in stores are plenty loud and annoying.
seeker:Ooh, yeah. I like your ringtone idea too! I usually make it some sort of song that I like and then end up either sleeping past it or not hearing, but I think making it something loud or annoying would really help to get me up to turn it off. 
supporter:What exactly do you think causes you to have to rush around before class? Just not enough time or just situations you cannot control. Trust me I understand myself, I have been in college 2.5 years myself. and it took about 1.5 years to get to where I was comfortable with my schedule and personal time
seeker:I think knowing that I don't have to drive to campus is what makes me feel like I can sleep in. It feels much easier to just wake up and go onto my computer than having to get ready in the morning and drive to campus. I think I mostly miss that routine. Because of that, I also find myself going to bed much later than I should be, even on school nights. 
supporter:That is a good rational reason I would say, I do online classes too and it is far too easy just to wake up, go to the computer and that is it for the day. Campus life seems more structured and like you could plan a routine, but being stuck at home sort of changes all of that.
seeker:Exactly. It was much easier for me when I had a routine schedule, versus knowing that I can just wake up, roll out of bed, and go to class, but I think that your suggestions are really going to help me finish my semester on a better foot
supporter:I am really glad I can help, I think part of me was talking to myself as well when giving advice since I have gotten alot lazier these days. I hope you have a great day and hang in there and stay focused and you will do great!!!!!
seeker:Thank you so much! I hope you're able to finish off your semester good this year as well!

seeker:hi my friend
supporter:Hello ! How are you doing?
seeker:feeling very shame
supporter:Oh my god ! What happened?
seeker:i have cheated on my girlfriend
supporter:I feel sorry for you .. What was the reason behind that ?
supporter:I understand how you are feeling right now
seeker:me and my girlfriend mom had an physical relationship but till now my girlfriend belives im good guy
supporter:Calm down friend
seeker:what should i do now
supporter:Can i know the reason why you got attracted to her mom when she herself is there ?
supporter:Chill out friend, feel good atleast now you have realised your mistake 
supporter:Whatever happened has happened, forget everything.
seeker:i have gone to her home.her mom taken advantage to me what should i dothat time so we did it
supporter:I understand , so now forget from beng guilty
seeker:but till now my girlfriend dont know about it but her mom is now targeting me for her sexual desire
supporter:You have got such a nice girlfriend, have a happy life with her
seeker:but think about her mom how could i handle her
supporter:Dont worry, just tell your girlfriend directly about the incident of how her mom is behaving towards you with a proof if you could
supporter:Or else be bold enough to warn her mom regarding this 
seeker:yes im going to warn her
supporter:You have such a nice girlfriend my dear friend, so cheating her is not at all fair
supporter:Yes, go ahead, the problems will vanish
seeker:yeah i can understand
supporter:And i believe you too are good, as you have realised your mistake , so stop worrying or feeling guilty for the act. Be happy :)
seeker:sure i will try to solve my problem
supporter:Thats the spirit :)
seeker:give any tips to warn her my friend
supporter:Just be bold enough, dont get aroused or attracted to her by any way even though she's seducing you, be harsh towards her , because you will have to teach a better lesson to her. Tell her, if she repeats this , then you are either gonna tell it to your girlfriend or either file a complaint against her.
seeker:yyeah sure my friend i will try this 
supporter:Yess
supporter:Go ahead 
seeker:yeah sure

seeker:I am worried about being perfect on my job.  I don't want to lose my job.
supporter:I hear you are trying to be perfect on your job because you are worried about losing your job.  How long have you been at your job?
seeker:I have been working for about 4 months, but I just am not as fast at it as everyone else.  I'm trying so hard working late and everything but it's never enough.
supporter:That can be hard when you are working so hard to try to do your best.  Can you consult with a supervisor or co-workers to get some help?
seeker:Maybe I could ask my friend and co-worker for some tips.  I'm a little embarrassed to do so, but don't know where to turn. I don't want to get fired.
supporter:Asking for help isn't always a bad thing.  I asked for help at my last job and they gave me someone to help out.  I was so relieved.
seeker:That's true maybe it could turn out for the better.  But what if they see me as incompetant?
supporter:I can see that you have worry of being seen incompetent but as long as you are doing your best, they have to see the efforts you are making as positive.
seeker:That's a good way to put it.
supporter:Sometimes deep breaths can help keep you calm when approaching others in an anxiety provoking situation.
seeker:I will have to try that.  That might help.
supporter:Have you thought of doing additional work related trainings?  Sometimes they can give suggestions to improve work abilities.
seeker:That sounds great.  Do you think my work would be supportive?
supporter:Work can often pay for trainings or offer suggestions what may improve work strategies.
seeker:Wow, I hope I can take advantage of that.  I will have to check into that.  Who should I approach at work?
supporter:You could ask your immediate supervisor or sometimes Human resources for support.
seeker:I can do that.  I think I'll reach out tomorrow to Human Resources for some help.
supporter:That sounds like a good plan to reach out for support.  Is there anything else I can help with?
seeker:No that should be all.  I am feeling more confident in strategies to use to help me.  Thanks
supporter:You are very welcome.

seeker:Hi I am so sad my boyfriend was cheating and broke up with me when I found out. I don't think I can ever be happy again.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. reading your opening statement it sounds like you are now suffering from low self-esteem is that true?
seeker:I have always had problems with low self esteem this makes it worse. I have lost interest in everything I can barely make myself go to work.
supporter:do you think if you knew the reasons why the relationship ended it would help you deal with things a lot better?
seeker:Maybe, why would he cheat? I have seen her she is not that pretty. I thought something was going on the last few months but he kept telling me everything was fine and that it was all my imagination.
supporter:remember the fact that he cheated is not your fault. if he entered into a committed relationship with you you should not be cheating. if things aren't right you should be talking this through with you before deciding to move on and see someone else.
seeker:I thought I was a good girlfriend, I was loyal, nice to his friends, kept the house nice, cooked for him, he never said he was unhappy he just started having to work nights and weekends a lot with no overtime he said he was salary now. I must just be unlovable.
supporter:have you tried getting back out there and dating again? just because he didn't want to have an honest relationship with you, doesn't mean that nobody else does. also in my message above I have made a couple of autocorrect errors, apologies for that.
seeker:I trusted what he told me despite my gut feeling which turned out to be right. I thought we were so perfect together, I don't want him back I could never trust him again, I am not sure I could trust any guy right now, I am so hurt and confused. I don't  ever want to feel like this again.
supporter:relationship issues, especially when they and suddenly can be one of the most stressful periods in an adults life. you are not alone in that other people have been through similar experiences themselves
seeker:This was the first guy I ever lived with, I  thought we would get married one day. How do people make it through the pain, it actually hurts.
supporter:Do you have someone who you can talk to about this to support you? 
seeker:I have a couple acquaintances at work but I wouldn't want to discuss my personal life with, my mom said to have  a good cry but I almost couldn't stop once I started. He was my best friend and who I talked to once we got together I didn't seem to need anyone else which looks like a mistake now. That is why I am here for support.
supporter:Ok I understand. It is normal to be upset in a situation like this. When I ask if there is someone to talk to, I meant perhaps a friend or someone who has experienced a similar breakup. There are also support groups out there that can really help. Getting your emotions out and seeing that others struggle with the same issue may be a very good thing.
seeker:Have you ever had a break up of a serious relationship or know someone who has? Does the aching inside ever get better? How long will it take?
supporter:When I was younger, my girlfriend cheated on me. We were together for 4 years. For me, it turned to anger not sadness, I was so angry that she did that to me. I realised that if she was capable of doing this, it's better that I found out now, rather than when we were engaged or married. I loved her but after she cheated, I couldn't stand the sight of her. I completely understand the feelings you are experiencing. The good news is that I have since met someone wonderful, we have children and I am now very happy.
seeker:I am sorry that happened to you but glad it turned out well in the end. You have a good point that it is better to know now than after we got married. I do have a nice neighbor who expressed concern when he noticed my boyfriend was gone. He said if I ever needed someone to talk to he was there. I thought he was just being nice. Maybe I should go talk to him some time maybe he was sincere.
supporter:I think that that would be a good idea! for info, In terms of how long it takes to get over it. I have read a statistic that is takes half the length of the relationship to truly get over it. Personally I think it does depend on the person and how things end in terms of the breakup.
seeker:Thank you for checking on that for me, I hope it is quicker I would hate to feel this way that long. I think I will go see him he is home right now. You have made me feel hopeful and that there will be an end to these feelings and maybe things will go as well for me as they did you. Thank you again.
supporter:You are very welcome!

seeker:I am worried after breaking up with my boyfriend that I will never find love again.  
supporter:I'm sorry to hear about your breakup. Was it your boyfriend that ended the relationship and how long were you guys together?
seeker:We were together for 3 years and he ended it suddenly.
supporter:this actually happened to me last year. my girlfriend ended things completely out of the blue. it came to light that she felt this way for a while but didn't know how to speak to me about it.
seeker:It's such a shocker and I'm dumbfounded and sad.
supporter:it is true that relationships can have a big impact on us especially when the end suddenly and seemingly without reason. this must be very stressful.
seeker:Yes, I wonder if I will ever love again.
supporter:it does take time to get over a breakup especially one that ends suddenly but I think once you get over the initial shockyou seem like a positive person so I believe you can get over this
seeker:Thanks.  What should I do next?
supporter:do you have any friends or family that you can talk to about your feelings?
seeker:Maybe I could talk to my friend Sam because she just broke up with her boyfriend.  
supporter:speaking to others who have had similar experiences it's always a good idea. they may be able to offer a fresh perspective that you haven't considered before
seeker:She's worked through the process a little longer than I so maybe she could see things from a more rational perspective.
supporter:that's good, I'd definitely reach out to her, especially when the Break-Up is so fresh. you may not be thinking clearly and a friend that understands might really help.
seeker:You are right.  I hope this works.
supporter:you have been through a really tough time. I do think you can get through this though and come out the other side. I believe you can do it!
seeker:I am glad for the encouragement.   What should I do when I start to panic about being alone?
supporter:I can tell that you are worried that you will be lonely forever and I can tell you are anxious about that. 
seeker:Yes, that is scary.  
seeker:Maybe some deep breaths will help me.  Thanks for you support.  You have helped me feel supported and cared for.
supporter:It is a big world out there and there will be someone else that is right for you. Personally, if he cheated then it may be a good thing that you found out now and not further down the line, after you had invested even more time into the relationship.
seeker:That's so true.  I will find someone who truly loves me.  Thank you.

seeker:I love my friends but today hatred in my life 
supporter:It's great that you have friends in your life that you love. What is causing you to feel that you hate your life today? 
seeker:My friend saw the lie 
supporter:Ok. Your friends saw the lie. do you mean to say that your friends uncovered a lie you told them?
seeker:Yes he told lie to me 
supporter:So a good friend told you a lie? Do you feel that the lie was meant to hurt you?
seeker:I am very hurted 
supporter:How did the lie hurt you?
seeker:He say that lie i will hurt 
supporter:How long have you know him? Has he lied to you in the past?
seeker:10 year friendship no one lie to the past 
supporter:That says a lot that he has never lied to you prior to this. What do you think changed about him to cause him to lie this time?
seeker:He say sorry to me i accepted 
supporter:Sometimes a little space can help resolve feelings. Do you feel that a little time would help you to be able to accept his apology and forgive him?
seeker:Ok i accepted 
supporter:Have you communicated to him that his lie hurt you?

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hello how are you today?
seeker:I'm okay. Facing a tough decision and having a hard time coping.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about it?
seeker:Yes, thank you. I decided to go back to school to finish my BA.
supporter:Its great that you decided to go back to school. Are you having trouble selecting a college or something like that?
seeker:Well now with the pandemic I don't know if it's the right time anymore.
supporter:I understand your concern  given the current pandemic situation. But I have heard some colleges are offering online courses until this pandemic is over. Maybe you can explore in that direction to ease your worries.
seeker:I'm taking online courses right now, and I really don't like it. I much prefer in classroom lecture.
supporter:I definitely resonate with the way you feel about online learning. Although difficult it is also important to stay indoors to keep yourself safe. Is there anything that will motivate you?
seeker:I don't know. I want to see if I could find classes conducted with Zoom or video.
supporter:Maybe you can check with the college if they would consider offering classes over zoom as this is the most preferred mode of instruction.
seeker:I will try to do that. If that's my only option right now, then I will have to settle for classes conducted over livestream. I just don't like self-learning. 
supporter:Sounds like a plan and am happy to see that you are sure about what you want.
seeker:Yes, I just wish it could be the way it was. I was so happy to be back in school and I'm so close to being done.
supporter:I too wish everything goes back to the way it was and it will one day. We have to adjust to a slightly new way of living and this would happen if each one of us do our part to break the chain and flatten the curve. 
seeker:I agree. I still hate it though.
supporter:You can do it, as you said you are almost there. Once you do it you will be very proud of yourself. Believe me this is just a temporary setback and you are doing a great job.
seeker:Thank you for the words of encouragement. I do appreciate that.
supporter:I am glad I could make you feel better. Is there anything else I can do today for you?
seeker:No. Thanks for chatting with me.

supporter:Hello there, how are you doing today?
seeker:Hello there.  I am feeling a bit down.
supporter:Would you like to go into the reasons why you are feeling down?
seeker:Sure.   I am not going to be able to do Thanksgiving with my parents because of Covid and I am kind of bummed out about it.  Some mild depression.
supporter:I hear that, we are only doing it for just our house this year. Have you considered doing something virtual?
seeker:Well yeah, but it's not the same.  I know I am doing the right thing, but it still sucks.
supporter:Yea some times the right thing does suck, and i know its not the same. I do know zoom has removed the 40 min restrictions for thanksgiving, so at least you can see your parents as long as you want.
seeker:Oh that's nice, I didn't know that.  Thanks.  I thought about trying a video wifi call on the phone but that would be better.
supporter:Thought it might help a little. These times do hurt but at least you are being smart about it. I would maybe try to plan something fun you guys could do over the call. Make it a bit interesting.
seeker:Yes, I think I going to get some bread pudding and drop it off over there too.  I can take enough precautions to make sure it is safe for them.
supporter:Oh thats nice that you are close enough to be able to do that now. At least you will be able to taste a bit of home cooking right?
seeker:Yeah I guess we can do a toast and stuff on zoom.  That might be a little better.
supporter:Yea, and hey maybe when the vaccine is readily available and we can start seeing our family safely again, we can make a new tradition. A new V-Day celebration heh.
seeker:Are you kind of in the same boat?  It helps a little bit talking with somebody that is.
supporter:Yea, i have my daughter and partner. But we usually have a big family dinner with people coming in from all over the country. We are trying the zoom thing too. Gonna be hectic but hopefully fun
seeker:I see, well my family isn't that big but we do try to get together every thanksgiving to have a good meal and hopefully watch the Cowboys win.  This will be the first time in a long while that I can even think of we aren't doing it.
supporter:Yea i dont think anyone here has missed one in years. My partner will be cheering on the cowboys for you as well ha. I was trying to tell my partner though, traditions have to start somewhere, why cant now be time to start a new one?
seeker:That's a fair point.  Hopefully this will only be a one year disturbance with these vaccines on their way.  They should both have theirs well before then and hopefully me too.
supporter:Yea it is looking good with for both vaccines right now. I always try to focus on the positives. You can almost always find some good in a bad situation.
seeker:Agreed.  Well you have been most helpful letting me vent a little and talk about it.  Thanks a lot.
supporter:Not a problem. I hope you get to see your family sooner than later. No reason why you cant cook up a nice turkey when we can!
seeker:We will make it through this.  Take care and thanks a lot.
supporter:You too and stay safe!

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hello!  How are you doing today?
seeker:Not too good, I've just been feeling really tired lately. I haven't had the energy to do anything no matter how hard I try 
seeker:Then when I do manage to do something, I'm just so sad that its hard to find the motivation to put any effort in
supporter:What do you do for a living?  Are you stretching yourself too thin?
seeker:I'm a freelance writer so I can choose my own hours. I haven't been going over the top with my hours, I'm definitely doing less now than I did before
supporter:Sometimes I find that when I am doing less I end up being more exhausted.
seeker:Yeah, the more I sleep the more I want to sleep. The fact that I don;t have set hours means that I just stay in bed for ages before a deadline 
supporter:Have you been spending any time outside or exercising?  Science has shown that boost of endorphins you get from sunlight or exercise can help with energy. 
supporter:I understand that it is easy to stay in bed all day until you absolutely have to do something.  
seeker:No we're back in lockdown here so I've been staying inside unless I need groceries and stuff 
supporter:Not having motivation is a tough feeling to overcome.  I think a lot of people are suffering with this issue due to todays current affairs.
seeker:Yeah I honestly think that's what's affected my mood, it doesn't help that my uncle recently got diagnosed with covid
supporter:Do you think it could help you if you tried to spend some more time outside or exercising?
seeker:I'm just burnt out I think. 
seeker:I have stopped exercising so that's something to consider
supporter:Even if you just do something easy like a walk around the block.  Or sit in front of a window while the sun floods in on you.
seeker:Yeah I guess that's something I should consider
supporter:I try to make sure that on sunny days I open all of my blinds.  It forces me to get out of bed, and the vitamin D boost from the sunshine helps to keep me motivated.
supporter:It sounds like you may be identifying some things that you could change?
seeker:I honestly can't tell the last time I even opened my blinds so I could do that. 
seeker:Yeah, you've given me a few ideas
seeker:Thanks for that
supporter:That's great!  I am glad to help.  I am confident that you can overcome this time.  
seeker:Fingers crossed, I'll try those options you've given me though
seeker:Thanks for listening in anyway
supporter:You are very welcome.  

supporter:Hello How can I help u today?
supporter:Hello?
supporter:Can you please state your issue?
seeker:Have there, I have a work issue that I'm hoping you can help me with
supporter:Sure, How can I help you?
seeker:I want to get a qualification but I'm working full-time at the moment and I also work very long hours. the problem is the courses that I want to do a huge time commitment. I'm really angry that I can't seem to get better qualifications to improve my life, because I need to work and need the income to keep me going. I feel stuck and don't know how to get past this.
supporter:Working and going to school can be tough. It must be very stressful.
supporter:Maybe you can take less classes or hours at work?
supporter:Or what are some ways you can relax after a long day?
seeker:you are right this is very stressful. I've gotten used to the steady income and now we lie on it. the problem is I do work quite late hours so have limited time to study. any suggestions?
supporter:I would ask for lesser hours if you can or study during your lunch breaks.
seeker:Perhaps I can ask for a different shift pattern yes, or reduce my hours. I may need to take a look at my finances and do a bit of recalculating. Have you ever had a situation like this?
supporter:I have not but I know people who are in your situation.
seeker:I wonder if there are courses and qualifications that you can get just by studying maybe an hour a day or an hour every other day?
supporter:I would look on sites like Skill share.
supporter:You can learn a lot on there
supporter:There maybe some free courses to but I'm not sure
seeker:ok I've never heard of skillshare, is that a website where you can get more information about work based qualifications etc?
supporter:I think so
supporter:Doesn't hurt to check them out.
seeker:yeah that's very true. I've never heard of that before so thanks for the tip.
supporter:Youre welcome
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with today?
seeker:also I'm not sure why this is making me feel so angry I think it's the stress of the situation. you mentioned what I can do to relax at the end of the day, do you think this will help see things more clearly?
supporter:Skill share can help you learn new skills and try out yoga or mediation.
seeker:yeah I read that yoga I can be really good for your health and your mental well-being.
supporter:There is an app called Calm that you can use for free or you can pay for it to unlock new features.
supporter:It can and it keeps you fit
seeker:I didn't realise there was so much support available. thanks again for the suggestions! 
supporter:You are welcome anything else I can help with?
seeker:No that's great. Thanks for your help
supporter:Youre welcome have a nice day/night!

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hi how are you doing today?
seeker:I'm alright, just feeling a bit depressed.
supporter:Im sorry you are feeling depressed. Whats making you feel that way?
seeker:Thanksgiving is this week and I will be spending it alone.
supporter:Youre spending thanksgiving alone? Do you usually spend Thanksgiving alone?
seeker:Yes, and no because of COVID I haven't been able to see my family.
supporter:I understand how you feel. COVID is causing a lot of distance between familys making relationships difficult. 
supporter:Have you thought about video chatting them on Thanksgiving?
seeker:Yes very. My family lives in another state. 
seeker:Yes, but it's not the same.
supporter:I know what you mean, in-person is always better than over the phone. I understand why you would feel this way. 
seeker:It's made me feel very depressed and I am only feeling worse as the holiday grows closer.
supporter:You're not alone in feeling this way. A lot of people are missing their families during the holidays. What would help you during this difficult times? besides video chatting? Can you still cook yourself a nice meal and do any traditions you normally do?
seeker:Yes I could do that. I was thinking about ordering a Thanksgiving Platter for 2 people so I could have some leftovers from a restaurant that I really like in my town.
seeker:They do holiday specials.
supporter:thats a great idea!
seeker:And AMC always shows great holiday movies so I will watch a bunch.
supporter:dont worry, soon this pandemic will end and we can go back to the holidays we are used to. We just have to wait. I understand how hard it can make it on holidays though.
seeker:Yes I do hope so.
supporter:I love AMC/Holiday  movies as well!
seeker:I understand the situation is dire and people are sick, but everyone is suffering, even emotionally.
supporter:that is very true. our world has been so different this year
seeker:Yes it's sad.
supporter:Is there any foods you are looking forward to from your favorite restraunt or movie your interested to watch this year?
seeker:Yes of course. Mashed potatoes and gravy and the movie Four Christmases is hysterical.
supporter:great choices! mashed potatoes and gravy is my favorite too! and that movie is so funny. 
seeker:Haha thanks. Well thank you for chatting with me, I feel better.
supporter:You sound like you have a great plan in place as a temporary holiday until we can be with our familes again. i know its not the same but you sound like you are making the best of the situation. which is all we can really do . 
seeker:Thank you. I'm trying. I really miss my parents.
supporter:im glad you are feeling better and glad we could chat!

seeker:Hello there.
supporter:Hello, how can I help you today?
seeker:I'm having a bit of a bad time at the moment. I've been with my partner for 2 years she's great. unfortunately my feelings for her changed and we broke up recently. the problem is I think I've made a big mistake and worry that she's moved on with her life
supporter:OK, thanks for explaining. Can I ask what makes you think she has moved on with her life? how recently did you guys split up?
seeker:About three months ago. I have started to miss her badly. I saw her with another guy when I was out at the supermarket at the weekend. She lives near me so I wasn't surprised but I don't know who this guy is. 
supporter:So to clarify, you ended things and think this wasn't the right thing to do. You have seen her with someone else and now you think you want her back.
seeker:Yeah that's right. I can't believe she has moved on so quickly.
supporter:Can I ask, for  how long have you thought you have made a mistake by ending things. was it when you saw her with someone else?
seeker:I must admit it was only when I saw her with someone else that I started to really miss her. do you think I'm just feeling jealous because we were so close and now I've seen her with someone else?
supporter:I had a friend who was in a very similar situation to this. he was in a long term relationship with a girl for 5-years. they split up and stayed friends. It was only when he saw her with someone else that he decided he wanted to give things another go.
seeker:I think you might be right actually. I didn't really miss her until I saw her with someone else. is this normal I don't know what to do about this?
supporter:I'd say this is completely normal. I can tell by talking to you that you did have strong feelings for this person once and seeing her with someone else has made you remember the good times.
seeker:Well that's good to know. I'm not normally the jealous type but I suppose we did have good times and I want her to be happy I suppose. I do think I've made a mistake though now I've thought about it! 
supporter:I can tell you are a caring person and really do care about your ex-girlfriend happiness. I'm sure you will do the right thing but you need to think of yourself.
seeker:do you think I should try and get in touch with her and tell her how I feel?
supporter:I think you need to think carefully about what you really want. If you feel like this then I would suggest you do talk to her about it, however you may be best talking it through with a friend or family member first
seeker:That's not a bad idea. I think I will speak to one of my friends about this ,he's normally pretty good with that kind of thing.
supporter:yes it's really good to talk it through with someone first just really understand if trying to restart your old relationship is the right thing to do for you.
seeker:I think I conversation has actually helped me understand my motivations a little better. you have also given me some good suggestions so thank you for that
supporter:I'm happy to hear that.
supporter:you seem like a really decent person and I'm sure you will make the right decision and I'm positive you can get past this!
seeker:Thanks for the conversation. It really helped.
supporter:You are very welcome.

supporter:Hello how are you doing today?
supporter:I'd love to chat with  you! What's been on  your mind?
seeker:oh hello
seeker:I'm having problems with friends - or more precisely the lack of them. I don't have any.
supporter:Oh I see. You feel as though you don't have any friend's currently? I totally get that. I feel like that a lot too, especially in these weird times we are going through. It's so hard to see people and keep relationships right now
seeker:Well it's more that I think I've never had friends. Not anyone I can confide in or laugh with
supporter:That's a really hard thing to be going through. I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any really close family members that you are able to confide in?
seeker:I don't think I'd want to let them know how unhappy I am to be honest
supporter:Oh I see. Well personally, when I was going through a hard time and I felt like I didn't have any friends, I found a couple pretty cool apps that helped me out! IT sounds crazy, but there are apps specifically for finding friends. They are kind of like dating apps but it's 100% meant for friends so everyone on them has the same intentions you do. I actually found a couple close friends through apps like that. Have you heard about those or looked into them?
seeker:I've never heard of friendship apps to be honest
supporter:Yeah! They are a really good way to connect with people that you share a lot of similar interests with. 
supporter:But it sounds to me that you are pretty overall sad right now. You don't want family to know about how sad you are. Do you think it's more than just feeling like you don't have any friends?
seeker:I'd really like someone local though, someone who I could meet up with face to face and who knew my town
supporter:On most of the apps, it connects you with people in your town!
supporter:people close by
seeker:I don't know if it's more than that. What do you mean?
seeker:The problem is that I lack the courage to go out and meet people.
supporter:Well personally, I have struggled with putting myself down a lot and blaming myself for things that I shouldn't blame myself for. You shouldn't blame yourself for not having the courage to go meet people, or blame yourself for not having any friends! And if that is what you are struggling with, then I think the apps would be a really good first step for you! You can create those bonds and connections with people close by to you on there first, and then when you feel comfortable enough with them you can meet up
supporter:That way it's less awkward to hangout with someone you don't really know
seeker:oh you mean chat online first, before actually meeting in person?
supporter:Yeah, that is what is great about those friendship apps. You can get comfortable with them before you hangout :)
seeker:That's so cool. Thanks for your help
supporter:Yeah of course! I hope this helps you, and I wish you the best during these weird times :)

supporter:hello how are you?
seeker:I don't know how to get over this
seeker:I'm just alright.
supporter:You are having some trouble getting over something is that correct? 
supporter:Why are you feeling just alright? 
seeker:I'm feeling just alright because nothing excites me or gives me joy anymore. Many of my family have passed on and the holidays are coming. 
supporter:I understand that it is hard to have some type of joy especially with the holidays coming along especially when family has passed on. 
seeker:This pandemic doesn't help either. No gatherings with many people. 
supporter:I know it is hard, it also has taken a toll on me as well this pandemic is hard to go through, but I take it day by day. Maybe you should take to someone if there is anyone close to you?
seeker:Only my Aunt, but I haven't talked to her in a long time. I just figure she's busy. 
supporter:maybe you should try to call her sometime im sure she would like that 
seeker:How do I get over feeling like I'm dumping on her? I know she's family but i'm sure she has problems too.
supporter:right I see where you are coming from, remeber she is your family 
seeker:Yes, I suppose you are right. My aunt is the youngest sister of my mom. We used to see each other at family gatherings. Maybe she won't mind me calling. 
supporter:see you got this, a call is all that it takes to feel better 
seeker:I'm going to follow your suggestion and get myself out of this slump I'm in. I know I'm not the only person who goes through this, but it feels this way sometimes.
supporter:I used to feel like that all the time but then I thought to myself that i needed to surround myself with people and not be alone.
supporter:Im glad that you are going to follow my suggestion, we all go through the same thing but your getting help and thats whats counts
seeker:You have a good point there. I used to think if I had my family then I didn't need anybody else. But we all need somebody to talk to.
supporter:exactly you got it, we all need to surround ourselves with good people, im glad that you realize this. I hope that my insight has given you motavation to pursue relationships
seeker:Thanks for your help. I'll go now and get my thoughts together to call my aunt.
supporter:alright awesome it was a pleasure talking to you, have a good day. 
seeker:Enjoy your holidays!
supporter:you too!

supporter:Hello, How are you doing today?
seeker:i'm stressed about my family getting covid
seeker:my youngest is waiting for test results. we shoul dhear something monday or tuesday
supporter:I am sorry you are going through that and hope the results are negative. This are some tough times. Have you all been following protocol after finding out?
seeker:yes, he's been isolating. but i'm worried that we all with have to quarantine if he's positive
supporter:That is stressful to think about but would be a necessity. The only thing you all can do if it comes down to it is try to set it up so you all can be as comfortable as possible during the period.
seeker:That's true. everything just feels so out of control
supporter:When i feel like everything is out of control, i try to focus on small tasks that i can complete with ease. Maybe you can focus on setting up quarantine room, or getting medication and food to last for those weeks just in case. Worst case out of that is that you have some extra food and medicine. 
seeker:i can focus on the things i can control - that's good advice. what have you been doing to stay sane through all of this?
supporter:Well for one my house has never been so spotless ha. I have been exercising more, going for more walks with my dog, having more family nights, just anything really that can take my mind of it.
seeker:i haven't felt like doing much of anything, my house is wreck. where are you finding motivation
supporter:I did not want to let my fears control me. Believe me the first month or so i did just that. I just wanted to feel better. I started small, cleaning one room at a time. Making a small list to get done. Sooner than later the lists got longer, the place got cleaner.
seeker:did you find a list online or make it yourself?
supporter:I made one starting with the easiest jobs first.
seeker:what should i do when i finish cleaning?
supporter:Have you ever wanted to try a new hobby? Knitting, woodworking, anything really?
seeker:good idea, i am just finding it hard to get away from the constant bad covid news. i feel like i'm always on high alert. it's stressing me out
supporter:I was checking 10 times a day. What really helped me was to actually stop checking. Maybe just try to get some local news but dont let it consume you.
seeker:cleaning, hobbies, anything else good for distraction? got a good podcast recommendation?
supporter:Ha not at the moment no. I think also trying to include the family in those things as well really helps. I mean if things get heated always good to give everyone space.
supporter:Well i do love last house on the left, but that is a little dark and i think were trying to steer away from that.
seeker:thanks for your advice. y'all stay safe
supporter:I hope you do too and i hope the results come out in your favor! If not stay strong and prepared!

seeker:Hi. I am Mike. Live in central Kansas and have been very depressed 
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that, is there a particular reason or instance for you feeling this way?
seeker:I lost my job due to Covid and they have shut down for good. no jobs around here and no vehicle so i feel hopeless and hate my living situation. just before covid hit i was saving to move...but then job closed
supporter:Yes that is a very tough situation, Covid has real placed a large amount of stress through out the world. There may be a ray of hope however with a possible vaccine in the near future, maybe this will be back to normal soon and new jobs will become available. 
seeker:I hope so and that is what i know mentally. but emotionally it is hard. i just hate having no job, being at home, no money, no vehicle, and a very bad idea to date since there is a high contagious pandemic 
supporter:I understand and you are right it is a a lot of mental stress. Have you reached out to claim unemployment or go to a food pantry? During this pandemic you should not feel shameful to take advantage of these services, there are alot of people who have to ask for help for the first time in their lives. 
seeker:I did not make enough to get unemployment they said. I have not tried a food pantry but that is a great idea. what makes this difficult is I am in a very small town . like we dont wal marts or McDonalds or anything like that. Whole town closes at 9. the closest actual  city is 45 miles away
supporter:Well please try the food pantry and see what they have to offer. Is there anyone whom you could ask for a ride in the future when they go to the bigger city? 
seeker:I will try food pantry. my sister goes to the city once a month , we shop for the month and i stay with my siter.
supporter:Well its seem that you now have a plan try it out see how it works, hopefully this will get back to normal sooner than later and life may go back to somewhat normal and your stress level and mental exhaustion will also subside. Is there anything else you would like to talk about?
seeker:Well I have been wanting a relationship. and i normally dont feel that way at all. and past week i think how much i kind of should have a family as I am 37 but not sure if i truly want that or i just miss human contact as i have only been around family and not gone out at all except to walk and go to store in town, and am confused if it is actully me wanting somone in my life or just a physical thing
supporter:I think your exactly right, human contact is now a premium and I'm sure you miss that contact that we were once so use to. Missing the contact makes you realize how much you enjoy the company of others. Take it slow and once the vaccine is out ease your way back into the dating scene and see if a relationship is what you really wanted after all.
seeker:yeah i mean emotionally i want to go maybe try a date or two or even just an adult night out but know logically it is a VERY risky idea. And that I need to not do anything like that till next year at the minimum . I do appreciate the advice and ideas
supporter:Remember that age is only a number and love will no no number, we are hear to listen and support you so if you ever need to talk just know we are a mouse click away.
seeker:And appreciate that especially during the current situation. 
supporter:Your welcome stay strong. 
seeker:You as well.
supporter:Thank you.
seeker:Oh I did want to ask. do you have any experience in either Alaska or Arizona? I know vastly differnt places but when I move I had been considering those. among others. Alska seems so risky but potentially amazing but it is rather far away from "main america"
supporter:I do not have any personal experience and yes they do sound amazing. 
seeker:yeah. also 1,000 bucks a year on your taxes just for living there but concerned internet would be bad and if you have power outage in the winter in Alaska...not gonna be a good time so have anxiety sometimes . I can search more on my own

supporter:hi! how are you doing today>
seeker:Hello, I'm doing okay, wbu?
supporter:ok it's been a stressful time for most of us but we are all doing the best we can
seeker:Yeah that's true
supporter:whats been the weirdest part of the pandemic for you?
seeker:So I live with my boyfriend and my bestfriend. And I am afraid they are doing skethy stuff behind my back
seeker:It sounds crazy, and I don't have any proof but I have this feeling. The way they talk around each other makes me nervous
supporter:hmm, tell me more. what do you think is going on?
seeker:I'm scared when it is just the two of them here at home. And they are jsut so much more friendly together than before we moved in
supporter:living together can make people more comfortable with each other. has there been something specific that has caused you to wonder about them>
seeker:Not really specifics. It's more of a just in general sort of thing. I know them both really really well, so I am just picking up on tiny little details
supporter:i hear you. have you said anything to either one of them?
seeker:I have talked to my boyfriend, but he just tells me that it's crazy I would think something like that. Idk... I don't want to sound crazy and blow it out of proportion if it's really nothing. I don't know if there is actually something I should be worried about, or if I am thinking these crazy thoughts for other reasons
supporter:having doubts about relationships is rough. do you know brene brown?
seeker:I don't know who that is
supporter:she researches shame and vunerability
seeker:Does she do live talks or videos? Or is she more in online writing
supporter:she has a great TED talk! 
seeker:Oh that's cool! I will have to check that out. So you think maybe I am feeling this way is because I have shame or vulnerability in the relationship?
supporter:anyway, i find her imspirational when I have doubts
supporter:no, not really it's the doubting that is likely what's bothering you the most - the unknown
seeker:Yeah.. that's true. I think it's a good idea to learn more about how I'm feeling before I make any rash decisions
supporter:that's wise. theres a great youtube video with cartoon animals where brene talks about empathy
seeker:Ohhh wait I think I have seen that one haha
seeker:It was shown in my class in like 9th grade
supporter:things are weird for everyone right now
supporter:emotions are running high, covid is running rampant, it's a mess and understandable that we are all stressed
seeker:Yeah you are right. I think I am just overthinking a lot. I will look into that TED talk. Thank you so much for the advice!
seeker:I appreciate the conversation
supporter:please stay safe and communicate with your roommates 

supporter:Hello. How are you?
seeker:Hi, I'm coping with losing my boyfriend to another woman and can't deal.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. You deserve better
seeker:Thanks, I'm just still in shock.
supporter:I understand you. I went through similar situation
seeker:I just don't know what to do.
supporter:Do you have any friends you can hang out with to get your mind off him?
seeker:That would be a good idea.  Although it's a little hard with COVID restrictions.
supporter:How about treating yourself to nice relaxing bath and good book ?
seeker:That sounds wonderful.
supporter:You should focus on yourself and remember you are a amazing woman!
seeker:Thanks for the support.  Is it too early to start a new relationship?
supporter:If you are sure you are ready for it then No. However make sure you dont judge them by previous relationships.
seeker:I have to think about it more but I am lonely already
supporter:I understand but wouldnt you rather be alone and focusing on yourself instead of miserable relationship?
seeker:I am thinking of pursuing a new relationship and hoping to move forward
supporter:I think that would be a wonderful idea for you.
seeker:I just don't know where to find someone.
supporter:Dont go looking for someone . Let them find you. Just live your life and love will find you.
seeker:I have to think positive and love will come when I don't expect it.
supporter:Exactly.

supporter:How can I help you?
seeker:i think i'm about to get fired from my job. i feel tremendous pressure. the uncertainty is kiling me.
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that you are about to lose your job.  That sounds very stressful. 
seeker:i'm not certain. i hear rumors.  it would have been nice if my boss spoke to me directly instead of blabbing about this behind my back.
supporter:That sounds very difficult that things are not openly discussed. It sounds like you want to be proactive which is good though.
seeker:it's awful.  this job is too hard for me.  getting fired would put me in a big financial hole.  my head is spinning.
supporter:Have you thought at all about looking for a new job that might not be so stressful?  
seeker:i am about to start doing that but it's tricky. i'm a radio announcer and if your boss finds our you're looking for another job he can use that as a reason to fire you.  there are ways to get around this but it's complicated. small time radio is a difficult mess.
supporter:Is there anyone you can contact who has been in a similar situation to help you?
seeker:i wish there was someone like that.  i've talked to people in the past about this type of situation but i wasn't the one under the gun.  but your advice is good and i'll try and think of someone who might be able to help me.  
supporter:That's great that you are so willing to try different options to move forward.  Perhaps a family member may help?
seeker:i haven't told the specifics of this mess to my parents; i dont want to burden them with this.  they worry about me enough as it is.  my sisters wouldn't be able to help me.  they both have seirous emotional issues and are both in very bad marriages and have plenty of their own problems.  
supporter:Just from chatting with you, I can see why you are anxious.  Have you tried any deep breathing techniques.  They are often helpful when dealing with stress.
seeker:that's a good idea.  i think i'll try that. and praying.
supporter:Praying is also an excellent idea.  My friends and I prayed all day long for each other during a difficult exam that I previously had failed and had to retake.  That day everyone passed the exam.  
seeker:praying is a wonderful thing that i need to do more often.  i'm glad you passed the exam.  i had a lot of pressure when i went to college as well. it seems most of my 24 years alive i've had one sort of probem or another but i always remember that i have plenty of things to be thankful for too. life can be rough.
supporter:My grandmother always encouraged me by saying there is always someone who has it rougher.  
supporter:Things can be really hard but you can do it.  You are working hard and trying so hard.  

supporter:Hello!
seeker:hi
supporter:How are you doing?
seeker:Well I'm distraught
supporter:Why do you feel that way?
seeker:Because my girlfriend has left me
supporter:That must be really hard for you. I haven't personally had to deal with that, but I have had friends that have. 
supporter:How long were you together?
seeker:four years
supporter:Being together that long must have made that break up difficult. How are you coping with it?
seeker:well I'm not really, especially as she'd gone off with someone else. But I'm to blame which makes it worse
supporter:You do seem upset so that shows that you care! Do you mind me asking what happened?
seeker:I cheated on her on a drunken night. It was a one-off and I regret it terribly. But she found out about it and left me without giving me a chance to explain.
supporter:I see how she would be upset. It must be difficult for you though because she didn't give you another chance. 
supporter:Do you have someone to talk to about your feelings?
seeker:yeah, I'm not saying I deserved it just wish she had
seeker:But no, not really. No-one who would understand
supporter:I would have wanted a second chance too if I were in your shoes. 
supporter:Is this affecting you really bad?
seeker:Yeah I feel so low
supporter:If your mood is affecting your daily activities, normally that means your mental health has been affected. 
supporter:You could always talk to a professional if it's hard for you. 
seeker:it's difficult though, to open up
supporter:It is. But trust me, it really helps. I've been seeing a therapist recently actually and I love it. I don't have to worry about judgement at all. 
supporter:It's a hard step but worth it in the end. 
seeker:They won't think I'm to blame?
supporter:The job of the therapist isn't to figure out if what you did was wrong or right. It's to help you understand your feelings and better cope. That's why they are so great!
seeker:oh yeah, that's a good point
supporter:Would you like to talk anything else through?
seeker:No you've been helpful thanks
supporter:no problem! I hope that everything works out for you.
seeker:thanks x
supporter:I think you're supposed to end the conversation btw. Have a great day!
seeker:oh, am I thanks!
seeker:(It says I can't until I've chatted for 15 minutes)
seeker:But you helped with my problem promptly
supporter:Ok! then we can just wait for the 15 minute mark. Do you know when that will be?
seeker:now!

seeker:Hi how are you?
supporter:HI! i'm good. how are things going?
seeker:I've been better. Just stressed really bad. but I think everybody just about is at this point.
supporter:it is a stressful time. what's bothering you the most?
seeker:Umm. lots. of course everything going on with covid. I have kids in different places some in different states. just worried. recently was in contact with someone who tested positive. so now we've all got tested. including 3 out of 4 of my kids. I only have one still at home.
supporter:i understand. both of my college aged kids are home but my husband works in another state and is traveling home thursday IF son #2's covid test comes back negative
seeker:Oh wow. I'm sorry. everything seems to be a mess for everyone. 
seeker:how are you dealing with it all?
supporter:are you talking with the kids often?
seeker:for the most part. by text and phone. One is California she's supposed to come home in Dec. to visit. but I'm not sure it's a good idea now. 
supporter:i'm just trying to focus on what i CAN control. making sure that we are ready just in case we have to quarantine. 
seeker:I already deal with depression and this has just made it worse. That's about all we can do. And pray. I pray a lot.
supporter:I have found that keeping in touch via phone text zoom is helpful.
seeker:People here have already bought up the toilet paper again. Crazy. Good idea.
supporter:i get it. i've doubled down on the vitamin D and one of those "happy lights" so that seasonal depression is less for us
seeker:Does the vitamin d help with that?
supporter:i believe i've read that it does help with depression and also that the covid survival rate is higher with adequate vitamin D levels
seeker:I didn't know that. I'll have to remember that. thank you.
supporter:i have found it helpful too to remember that right after the spanish flu pandemic, we had the roaring 20s
seeker:Amen! lol I hope everything works out good for you and your family. I'll pray for you all. 
seeker:it was good talking to you.
supporter:Thank you! may all of you stay safe and good luck with the civid tests
seeker:thank you. bye
supporter:bye

supporter:How can I help you?
seeker:My friends won't even call me half the time even though I am always reaching out to them and trying to get together.\
supporter:It sounds like you are trying to reach out to friends and they don't reciprocate as much as you'd like?
seeker:Not only that, they don't seem to ever call me.  I am the one doing all the efforts.
supporter:That can be hard when friends don't reach out despite all your efforts.  Have you discussed this concern with them?
seeker:I haven't really tried to bring it up, but maybe I should.
supporter:Sometimes friends don't realize that they aren't fulfilling their end of the relationship and just need to become more aware.
seeker:That makes sense.
supporter:Do you think you might want to have a conversation with your friends and see if they feel the same way?  
seeker:Yes, that seems to be a good idea.
supporter:I've had friends in the past who didn't call and I found out later that they were having personal struggles and it wasn't anything against me.
seeker:I see your point.  Maybe I should be asking if my friend needs anything instead of expecting so much from them.  I will have to talk to them to find out what is going on.
supporter:I can see it being hard not knowing for sure.  
seeker:You make a good point.
supporter:Sometimes people also grow and change so relationships evolve as well.  Is there something you would hope to gain from the friendship that you think could change?
seeker:I just would like to get some answers if I am the one to blame.  I feel guilty sometimes that I should have done something differently.
supporter:I can see that being a challenge feeling guilty about whether you did something to affect the relationship.  But, you sound like you are really trying to make things work and maintain the friendship.
seeker:I'm really trying but maybe again just having a hard conversation may help to improve things. 
supporter:I had one of those hard conversations in college with a roommate who later revealed that she was in counseling and overwhelmed and struggling. She apologized for the strain in the relationship.  I was so glad we talked about things because we went on to be better friends and not hold resentment toward one another.  
seeker:I see what you mean.  That looks like it helps to talk through things.
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:No thanks.  I am feeling more confident in handling the situation.  Thanks!
supporter:You are welcome.
seeker:This has been very helpful.  

supporter:hi how are you today?
seeker:Not good,i am very sad
supporter:i'm sorry. whats making you sad?
seeker:My friend just stopped talking to me and she won't tell me the reason why
supporter:has she communicated via text or messanger? or has all communication stopped?
seeker:She stopped communicating completely.Doesn't even reply to me texts
supporter:i'm so sorry to hear that. i had a friend do that to me right after the spring pandemic lockdown. did this happen recently?
seeker:Yes,just this past week.How did you deal with your situation?
supporter:i was upset, but then after thinking about it more , i figured she just was overwhelmed with everything going on. i gave her the benefit of the doubt and texted happy birthday this summer and didn't hear anything back
supporter:can you think of anything going on with her that might cause her to stop communicating?
seeker:That's too bad.I suppose that one should be able to let the other person know when you no ;longer want to be friends with them.That way one can move on quickly.
seeker:I am completely unaware.We haven't had any argument of late so i am completely clueless.Wish she would just reach out
supporter:i can imagine it's hard to put those feeling into words when you want to move on.
seeker:Exactly.Do you know of any online resources that one can use to get through such situations?
supporter:but, it's left you feeling sad. how are things going otherwise?
seeker:The other areas of my life are doing good.Just that the sadness is getting to me at times
supporter:i don't know of any specific resources. i'm sorry. however, its good that things are going well otherwise. how are relationships with others in your life going?
supporter:i have found that I focusd on other friendships more since my friend ghosted me. 
seeker:The other relationships are good even though i'm now more wary of people because i don't know who could leave my life at any moment without notice
supporter:that's understandable but just because one person has left doesn't mean that others will
seeker:Yes it doesn't.But still,you never know who to trust anymore.
supporter:trust is tricky. do you know brene brown? the researcher, author, TED talk researcher?
seeker:No i don't.Please tell me about him
supporter:She researches shame and vunerablilty. I find her very inspriring. 
seeker:Will check her out immediately.Infact,let me do that now
supporter:there's a great video on youtube where she talks about empathy. little cartoon animals
seeker:Thank you so much

seeker:hi
supporter:Hi! What can i help you with today?
seeker:my girlfriend breakup me
supporter:How does that make you feel?
seeker:it cause me many dipression she was cheating with my friend that she says mine is not fit for her
supporter:From what I can tell, your girlfriend cheated on you and then broke up with you because she thinks you are not the right fit for her. Is that correct?
seeker:nope she says that how can i tell you she says that my dick is not fit for her
supporter:That can be very difficult to hear. But there is someone special out there for everyone. Is there anything that would make you feel better?
seeker:playing games,roaming with friendsand reading books
supporter:Then do you think making such plans with your friends and playing games and reading books can make you happy again?
seeker:no defnetly not 
supporter:What do you think you can do to make yourself happy again?
seeker:i just want to belive that she left me so im going to travel it and going to concentrate on my job
supporter:That sounds like a great plan! When I was having a difficult time after breaking up with someone I also decided to concentrate on something else and it really helped.
seeker:really thanks that you were spending time with me
supporter:No need to thank me, that is what I am here for :) I hope I was able to help you with.
seeker:thanks
seeker:can i finish the conversation
supporter:Yes of course! I hope you have a good day! :)
seeker:you to have a good day
seeker:you have doing great work my friend
supporter:Thank you!
seeker:is this any kind of social work
supporter:Yes it is. Just a way to help people
seeker:how many people did you handle per day
supporter:You have been my first person

seeker:I just lost my job and am worried about paying the bills.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear you lost your job and have worries about paying the bills.
seeker:There is just too much pressure, but I have to succeed.
supporter:That is hard having so much pressure but I think you will be able to soon get employed again.
seeker:I am trying.  I've started looking online for new positions but it is a process.
supporter:It sounds like you are trying really hard and that is worthy of praise.
seeker:I just still am continually nervous and having a hard time coping.
supporter:Sometimes deep breaths help people calm down.  Have you tried that at all?
seeker:I haven't but maybe that will help me stay calmer.
supporter:That can sometimes help you to regain your focus and be able to do more for yourself.
seeker:That makes sense.
supporter:Also, job counselors may help at employment agencies to match you with potential employers. Have you tried any?
seeker:I haven't but that may be helpful as well.
supporter:I sought out help from a recruiter online who helped me to find a job as well.  Have you heard of that option or tried it?
seeker:That might help me to take the stress off myself and get someone to help in the search.
supporter:Yes, I see that you seemed to be more relieved finding out these options. Would you say these suggestions have been helpful?
seeker:Yes, I'm starting to feel some of the pressure taken off me.
supporter:From what I've seen, people who can use some of these strategies like deep breathing and counseling they have felt some relief and could move forward better toward their goals.
seeker:I feel a lot better.  Thanks for your support.
supporter:You are welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?
seeker:I think that will be all.  Thanks again.

supporter:Hello there. How are you today?
seeker:I feel so pressured.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Tell me more about what is making you feel pressured.
seeker:I have to get straight A's to get into graduate school.  I'm worried I will fail.  
supporter:That sounds like a stressful situation so it is natural to feel anxious. Are there any coping mechanisms you have tried that have helped in the past?
seeker:I tried studying a lot
supporter:I know when I am in a stressful it helps to take an occasional break to do some deep breathing exercises and meditation. Have you tried any of these techniques?
seeker:That sounds like it could help.  Maybe I could even try yoga.
supporter:Yes, that sounds like a great idea. I think yoga can be very beneficial in managing stress.
seeker:Do you have any other suggestions for those busy days when I am non-stop?
supporter:I think it is important to remember to take care of yourself. That means eating right and exercising. I found from my own experience of going through a stressful situation that exercise was the best technique for managing stress.
seeker:Maybe I can get my friends to go for an early morning walk before I start the pressures of the day.  That might work to help me stay calmer.
supporter:I understand that there are days where it feels non stop and it can be hard to find the time. Excercising early in the morning is a great idea because it gets you off to a good start to the day. I like the idea of including friends too. That can be a great motivator.
seeker:Do you have any other suggestions on what could maybe make up for one or two "B" grades?  It's hard to be perfect, but these programs are demanding.
supporter:Indeed it is hard to be perfect and no one is. It sounds as though you are very hard on yourself. From a practical standpoint, you could try talking about your grades with your professors and have a discussion about how to improve your grades. 
seeker:Thank you.  That has helped in the past, so I think perhaps they could give me some guidance as well.  
supporter:You're welcome. I know this is hard but you have got this.
seeker:Thanks for the encouragement! You are a good counselor too.
supporter:Thank you. That is kind of you to say. I hope my suggestions help. Is there anything else you want to talk about?
seeker:I think that is all that I have.  I feel a bunch better.
supporter:I am so glad to hear that. 
supporter:I hope you have a great day
seeker:You too

seeker:Hi, How are you doing? I am in bad mood. 
supporter:What's wrong?
seeker:This work from home tension and cant go out with my family and parties
seeker:It makes me depressed and cant bear this pathedic situation
supporter:I understand.  I, too, am struggling with COVID-19.  It's going to be difficult not to see family during the holidays.  We'll get through this, though, don't you think.
supporter:Have you spent time trying to communicate with friends and family online or by messaging and telephone?
supporter:Maybe there is a way to find ways to have fun online with your friends and family.  We actually played games together recently.  Is that something you could do to reconnect?
seeker:I am fully occupied with my job. This software  field sucks me. Even weekends also they are expecting to work with offshore people
seeker:I dont find the time to spend with my partner and kids
supporter:Is there any way you could talk to your supervisor about achieving a better work life balance?
seeker:Yeah! Good Idea, I ll make a call with my Manager once
seeker:It could be better to have vacation for a week
supporter:It sounds like that could make a big difference in changing things for you.  You just need a better work/life balance to straighten things out.
supporter:I had a similar experience in the past, and talking with my manager about time off reinvigorated me.
seeker:Exactly. Please suggest me any idea to spend my time with my family and away from this work pressure
seeker:Sounds good! I ll arrange a conversation with my head then
supporter:With COVID-19, it may limit your options, but you could decide which activities you would collectively enjoy the most, and try to do them as often as possible together.
seeker:Absolutely, then i ll help my family with household chores and make them free
seeker:Then we have some quality time to spend together!
supporter:Yes, giving them a helping hand, getting things done together, could greatly improve your home life.
supporter:Are you feeling any better since we started chatting?
seeker:yeah! Thank you so much! It is good to have a conversation with you! Now I am feeling better
supporter:That's terrific to here.  I'm happy you're feeling better.
supporter:hear* - sorry for the misspelling. :)
seeker:Hah hah! It's Ok, We can Quit this conversation now! Thanks once again!! :-)
supporter:Anytime!  It was nice meeting you.  Bye-now.

supporter:How are you tonight?
seeker:Hello, I've had trouble with depression all my life but it hasn't been so bad in the past few years. But lately, with the pandemic, I seem to be sinking lower and lower
supporter:So it's been more difficult for you to remain cheerful since the plandemic?
seeker:Well, I'm still taking my medication, but now, I seem to be anxious all the time. 
seeker:I really haven't been anxious for over 20 years, but this year has made me a mess!
supporter:I actually have struggled with depression and anxiety most of my life so I can understand.
seeker:It's great to talk to someone who actually knows what it feels like!
seeker:I've had friends to tell me, "just snap out of it"
supporter:That doesn't sound helpful at all. 
supporter:I have found a few things I do to keep myself from being to worried and depressed. They help a lot.
seeker:It isn't, but I guess it's because they don't really know what *depression* feels like.
seeker:Really? What do you do? Maybe they could help me.
supporter:True, many people do not understand depression. I actually have found it easier to find a person who DOES understand and not talk to those who don't. When I talk to those who don't, it brings me down, so I find a good friend I can confide in.
supporter:I can understand being discouraged to and not knowing who will understand you. 
seeker:Yes!! Talking to someone who doesn't know what it feels like REALLY makes me depressed!
seeker:I'm wondering if it is the pandemic that is making me feel worse?
supporter:I find it important to take care of my physical being first: eat well, drink water, exercise, get fresh air. Don't wear the mask if you can help it. Seeing smiles helps.
seeker:I haven't been exercising nearly as much since March. Maybe I need to start walking again. 
supporter:I personally don't know anyone who has died and my nurse friends say it is no worse than the flu. So I try not to worry. What I think about is so critical. I try to pray about what I can't handle, then move on, change my thoughts.
supporter:Walking is GREAT! This is a lovely time of year too!
seeker:I have a friend who did get it and almost died. He is 40 and pretty healthy. His wife and daughter got it too. They just had flu-like symptoms, but he was in the hospital for 9 days.
seeker:That was almost 3 months ago and he is still feeling the effects of it. 
supporter:So to recap, find a good friend, get exercise, eat well, talk to people who will try to understand you.  And of course, pray.  The survival rate is 99.996% so the fact that you know no one who died is good news. I had flu like symptoms before this all happened and I still have a cough. They spray the skies too, so I try to not live in fear. There are a lot of consequences to fear, your heart beats faster, you stress yourself out, so it's important to not focus on negativity for too long.
seeker:I like your idea of changing thoughts. That would help keep me from "going down the rabbit hole!"
seeker:I had a bad cough and got tested several weeks ago just in case. But I didn't have it.
supporter:Here is a good saying -- if you want to change your feelings, change your thinking.  Feelings are like the tail on the dog, they follow thoughts. So keep your thoughts positive, cultivate an attitude of gratitude, even write a list of of things you are thankful for.  
seeker:LOL! That's great!  I'll have to remember that "feelings are like the tail of the dog"!  That's a cheerful way of thinking about it!
supporter:I'm almost 60 and my husband is 66. We refuse to live in fear. These are difficult times, no doubt, but I believe if you take the time to pursue good healthy, you will be better for it, emotionally and mentally and physically. All around!
supporter:Well, I hope I have encouraged you. 
seeker:Yes, I think walking, changing my thoughts, praying, and taking care of myself will really help. Yes! You've really helped me out.
seeker:I just turned 64 and my husband is 69. He is really, really healthy because he takes care of himself so well. 
seeker:He has a handicapped younger sister and he always wanted to be around to take care of her. So he has always taken care of himself!
seeker:Thanks so much!
supporter:So we are about the same age then! I encourage you to write down the strategy, while the ideas are simple, sometimes they are NOT easy! We must make a choice to do what is healthy! God bless you!
supporter:Have a good night!

supporter:Hi how are you?
seeker:hello\
supporter:How can I help?
seeker:am affected by depression how can you help me 
supporter:let's start with a few questions if that's ok. how long have you been feeling depressed?
seeker:2 months now
supporter:It's Ok to feel like this and depression affects many people. I think reaching out is the best first step and I'm sure you can improve this issue
seeker:what am ii supposed to do in this situation 
supporter:have you spoken to any friends or family members about how you are feeling?
seeker:yeah but there not helping about anything 
supporter:has anything changed recently in your life that you think might be contributing to this feeling of depression that you are having?
seeker:yes i lost my job last month
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. my friend lost his job about 6 months ago and he was also feeling a similar way. I think this is to be expected when you have a sudden change in circumstances however this by no means undermines the seriousness of the issue
seeker:so i have joined groups i thing i will be better soon 
supporter:that's great to hear. it sounds like if you address the issue that has made you depressed in the first place this will go a long way to making you feel better about things.
seeker:so how did you manage yours 
supporter:I haven't had this issue personally but a friend has. It is true that your job also forms an important part of your identity and when your job situation change is it have a big impact on your personal life and mental well-being.
seeker:did he find the job he seeked and moved on with life without depression 
supporter:it took him awhile but once you found new job that he enjoyed the depression went away.
supporter:there are some support groups out there for depression so if you need to talk to someone about that would likely help too
seeker:thanks a lot i you have really helped 
supporter:You are very welcome. Thanks for reaching out

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi there how can be of help?
seeker:I am suffering from low mood and general depression. I don't know what is causing it or how to get over it but it is getting excited down (obviously) and there doesn't appear to be any real reason behind it.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Have you been feeling this way for a while now or is this a recent issue?
seeker:I felt this way for a while actually isn't a recent change it's been building slowly over time.
supporter:Have you been feeling worse in terms of your depression over this time or has the intensity of your feelings stayed pretty much the same?
seeker:I think I know what you mean. It's getting worse. I feel very down.
supporter:Ok so you have felt like this for a while and it is getting worse not better. The intensity of your feelings is getting stronger and you worry that this will continue to get worse.
seeker:Yeah. I worry that I'll just keep feeling even more down and depressed. I'm really having a bad time and struggle to get out of bed to be honest.
supporter:Firstly, you are not alone in feeling this way. Many people struggle with depression and it's good that you have reached out for help for this.
seeker:Any suggestions on what to do about it?
supporter:There are many reasons people have depression. It is a recognised medical condition and the good news is that there is help out there. The first step is recognising the problem.
seeker:Ok well there is definitely a problem.
supporter:Have you spoken to friends and family about this? do they know how much you are struggling with it at the moment?
seeker:not really I don't want to bother other people with my problems.
supporter:if people care about you then they will be happy to give you the time and listen to how you are feeling at the moment. I think it will be a really good move to speak to family or friends tell them how you are feeling and talk it through this might really help.
seeker:Yeah maybe. I suppose nobody really understands but I could at least speak to them about it.
supporter:everyone has problems and it is good to talk about them because a problem shared is a problem halved. It doesn't mean the problems will go away but it might help you understand them and then be able to deal with them better.
seeker:I don't want to feel like this anymore. I'm willing to at least give it a go.
supporter:I also think that it will be worse to get in touch with your doctor or a medical professional. these people are trained to deal with problems like yours and will be able to offer effective Solutions from a medical perspective.
seeker:I haven't spoken to a doctor about this before to be clear I don't want any medication.
supporter:are you worried that speaking to a doctor will lead to you being given medication, and you don't want this?
seeker:yes that's right I don't want to take any pills or anything like that.
supporter:I know that some forms of depression are caused by an imbalance of chemicals in the brain and medication in these cases can help. Also psychologists can support with mental health which means that this would not be a rude day involves any medication at all potentially
seeker:what do you mean be a rude day.
supporter:apologies this was a typo by autocorrect. I meant to say that this would not be a route that involves any medication at all potentially
seeker:ok thanks for explaining. I think I'll speak to my sister about this. if this doesn't help I'll look into making an appointment with the psychologist maybe. 
supporter:That's great. I think the first step is always the hardest but you come across as someone that is willing to seek help and I believe that if you face into this you can overcome it witht he right support.
seeker:Thanks for that.
supporter:You're welcome.

seeker:Good evening
supporter:Hey, how are you?
seeker:I am pretty depressed and stressed out
supporter:Maybe I can be of assistance? What is troubling you? 
seeker:I overspent and now feel gulity and I have no idea  how I can pay my credit cards off
seeker:I just saw sale and couldn't pass it up now I am overwhelmed
supporter:I see, maybe we can find a solution?
seeker:sure thats why I m talking  to you . so what do you recommend
supporter:Is it important as in do you really need it, if not. Can you return it?
seeker:No I got on sale on line . no returns
supporter:I see, so you have to pay it. I suggest making a plan of action, trying to pay at least the minimal balance, and try work out a saving plan to pay it off. 
seeker:Yes I realize that but I have no job. I have minimal balance in a week of 100
supporter:Okay, can you reduce any expenses? Maybe a subscription?
seeker:I don't have a job and husband pays all the bills and subscriptions.  We live paycheck to paycheck and he said this is my fault i pay
seeker:this would be fine if i had an income and had money that i could do that but I told you before I don't have a job so that doesn't help me 
supporter:If you have more free time, you can spend it on Amazon Mturk? It is a good way to earn extra money.
seeker:That sounds interesting.  How do I make money
supporter:Aren't you an Amazon Mturk worker? 
seeker:Yes thats how I m doing this survey but not sure if we are supposed to talk about it
seeker:I think you are supposed to chat to me as a stranger coming to you for help
supporter:Oh I see, I was only suggesting an avenue that can help you pay off you debt. I can reword it.
seeker:ok go ahead
supporter:Maybe you can find work online doing surveys or freelance work. 
seeker:That sounds great . I will do more research. Thank you . I feel a litttle better. 

supporter:Hi there how can I help you today?
seeker:I have been in a relationship for just over two years. At the start it was fun and we got along great. I think we have little in common these days and I don't feel the same way I used to. I don;t want to hurt her feelings but I'm thinking about ending the relationship.
supporter:Have you been feeling this way for a while or is it a surprise change?
seeker:I have felt like this for a while now but I'm thinking about if more nowadays. It doesn't feel right and I don't know who to handle it.
supporter:So you have felt for a while that things aren't right in your relationship and you don't know how to end the relationship without hurting your girlfriend's feelings?
seeker:That's correct yes. I worry that she will be very upset and the thought of her in distress does concern me. It might be easier to stay together but I don't think that's the right thing to do.
supporter:I can tell that you are a nice person that cares for your girlfriend and you want the best for her. I think you want to be honest with her which is a good sign of maturity and integrity.
seeker:Thanks for that. I do care for her which is why I don't want to upset her.
supporter:Unfortunately this may be upsetting in the short term. I had a friend who had a similar issue. He wanted to end things with his girlfriend and they ended up having an honest conversation, which was upsetting at the time but they are still friends to this day and parted on good terms.
seeker:It is good that it is possible to do this and still become friends afterwards. I do worry about how this would go and am fearful that she will react badly. How would you go about it?
supporter:I think the best thing to do would just be honest about your feelings and start the conversation with her. I think you could also consider when is the right time to do this so that you minimise the affect that this may have on her.
seeker:I'm not sure what you mean by the right time. Is there ever a right time to do this?
supporter:People who have a negative experience at a key point in their lives, such as a birthday of Christmas, tend to remember that bad experience the following year. I mean choose an appropriate time to have the discussion.
seeker:Ok I get it. Don't dump her on her birthday LOL. So I should just start the talk then, may be one evening?
supporter:Yes when she is available to have a good talk about this. Do you have my friends that you can talk to about this?
seeker:I do have some friends that know how I am feeling yes. Maybe they can help me come up with a plan off what to say.
supporter:I think it's best to be honest and if it comes from the heart then you can at least say you have been honest with yourself and your girlfriend.
seeker:I think this is going to be hard but thanks for the suggestions
supporter:I think you can do this and have confidence that you will do it in the right way. These things are not easy but I know you can ride to the challenge and do this tactfully and with care.
seeker:Thanks for the kind words. I'll give this a try.
supporter:You are very welcome.
seeker:Ok bye
supporter:Take care

seeker:Hi 
seeker:Is anyone there?
supporter:Hi there
seeker:Hi I thought you were not going to show
seeker:my anxiety level just increased while I was waiting for you
supporter:Apologies,I have had issues with my connection which should now be resolved. How can I help you today
seeker:I am having a panic attack . I have to come up with 100 by next week to meet my minimum charge
seeker:on my credit card
supporter:So you need to find 100, have limited time to do this and this is causing you anxiety as a result?
seeker:yes it sure is
supporter:Ok, I can tell you are really worried about this and want to find a way to remove the pressure from this situation
seeker:yes any suggestions
supporter:Do you have any friends or family that you can speak to about this? If they were aware of this issue and how much it is affecting you, they may be able to support
seeker:They are swamped with their own bills and we live pay check to pay check
supporter:Have you tried contacting the credit card company and explaining your situation?
seeker:No I haven't but if i don't pay minimum I will get 24% interest penalty 
supporter:that seems excessive. I had a similar situation happened myself once and what I did was transfer the balance of one of my cards onto another.
seeker:It is the truth thats why I try to pay off in full but there was such a great deal
seeker:but thats a great idea and would give me a little extra time. Thank you . I think Ill go google credit card offers
supporter:do you think the credit card company has acted irresponsibly? 
seeker:no I knew the terms when I signed up a year ago
supporter:even so you may be able to refer this situation for review to a financial regulator.
seeker:I like your idea of transferring to lower interest one 
supporter:You can review your rights online as a consumer to see if you are offered any protection under law or legislation.
seeker:okay Ill go check it out. thank you. 
supporter:I'm confident that you can handle this and have every faith that you will reach a resolution
seeker:thank you . Keep safe and have a good night
supporter:Your welcome

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello, how are you?
seeker:At the moment, good. 
seeker:I need help!
seeker:These people.....I don't understand....
supporter:I hear that they don't understand, can you explain further
supporter:Can you tell me more?
seeker:My co-workers feel that this whole pandemic thing is a government conspiracy to lessen the overpopulation in this world. It really hurts me cause I have people who have passed due to this. THIS IS REAL!!
supporter:There are a lot of people who are struggling and it is clearly a very upsetting time for you. 
supporter:Have you considered whether your colleagues are simply hiding their worry? Have you tried talking to them?
seeker:Yet it is upsetting and I worry for them. 
supporter:That is extremely compassionate of you. 
seeker:I tried talking to them. I tried to reason with them. They feel that life is life. No it is not. Now I respect their positions in life, but since we work together, we have to protect other feelings as well. 
supporter:There is a lot of concern about, are your work following guidelines?
seeker:I am very anxious cause I need to run to the bathroom and breath 
seeker:Work guidelines we are following. I want the anxiety to stop. 
supporter:I am also in this situation at work, I have used breathing methods to calm myself down which worked, have you tried anything like this?
seeker:It is simple, put on mask and work, when you get out of the office then do what you want. 
seeker:I am anxious now and using a breathing exercise as I type 
supporter:So you are frustrated because others are not using masks, have I got that right?
seeker:It's not that they are not using masks, it is their position and reasons not to wear the masks and that puts others in a scary and anxious position at their workplace where in these times, work is scare. 
seeker:What is your point of view on masks?
supporter:Just from talking to you, I can feel how anxious you are and this is made worse by your colleagues, perhaps they are struggling in different ways with this.
seeker:Yes they are....we need to make things different for everyone in the workplace but not on peoples health 
supporter:There are guidelines on how work places should be handling the COVID issue. Has your manager gone through any guidelines with the team?
seeker:Yes he has and is going to go over it on Monday with all of us and we should come to an agreement 
supporter:That seems like a really good time to go through how you feel. Writing how you feel down can help to ensure that you get your feelings across. Do you think that is something you could do?
seeker:Yes, this is something I can do. You have been a great help listening to my issues. 
supporter:I am glad this is something that can work for you, it is something that could help in different ways. 
seeker:That is correct. 
supporter:Do you have any other worries at this time or want to explore this any further?
seeker:Not at this time 
supporter:It has been lovely talking to you.
seeker:same here, now how do you get out of this....
supporter:I believe you press quit
seeker:ok

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi there, how can I help you today?
seeker:My friend has been quiet and non responsive for some time and I'm starting to worry about them. This is a pretty recent thing, ever since lockdown.
supporter:Is this a close friend of yours that you would normally speak to every day or see on a regular basis?
seeker:Yes that's correct, however with lockdown I haven't seen any friends for a long time face to face. 
supporter:Ok so you have are close friend, who you used to engage with regularly and now you are worried because when you try and contact them, they aren't responding.
seeker:Yes that's the issue. I think lockdown is affecting people in many ways and I want to make sure they are OK
supporter:I can tell that you feel a lot for your friend and it shows that you care about lot about them. 
seeker:Yes I do. Now what should I do about them as other friends in our peer group are also concerned?
supporter:Ok, I understand. Have you tried reaching out to their family members as they may have a loser handle on how this person is feeling at the moment?
seeker:I actually haven't. I'm not that close to their family to be honest so I'm not quite sure how to do that?
supporter:You could try reaching out to friends on Facebook or social media, you can find contact details for them that way and perhaps send them a direct message. You are a concerned friend which means they probably wouldn't mind if you did get in touch.
seeker:I didn't think about contacting family that way. That's a good suggestion. 
supporter:I had a friend once that was acting out of character. They weren't quiet but I could tell them here was something different in the way they were acting etc. It turns out that they had started a new relationship with another friend of mine and didn't want anyone else to know. In reality everything was fine. There was an explainable reason behind the behaviour and it was nothing bad in the end. 
seeker:Perhaps I am worried about nothing and your experience does make sense. I may be reading too much into these things but you read about people's mental health being affected by COVID isolation these days. 
supporter:That is true. Mental health issues have increased  significantly since lockdowns began
supporter:As they are not responding to your attempts to get in touch, you could think has anything else changed for them other than lockdown, for example are they busier at work? have childcare commitments? Life is complicated, they may not have the time for legitimate reasons.
seeker:That is true. I think they are probably very busy at the moment but as they are typically so outgoing it did strike me as odd. What else would you suggest?
supporter:You mentioned that other friends were also concerned about them, have you tried talking to them about setting up a video call with a group. This might appeal to your friend and they may see this as a fun activity to get involved in.
seeker:I think I'll give that a try. Maybe they don't have time but a fun relaxing group chat might be the way forward. Thanks for this suggestion. I'll give this a go.
supporter:No problem happy to help. 

supporter:Hi, how can I help you?
seeker:Hi, is someone there?
seeker:I need some help. I'm feeling really bad.
supporter:What's the problem?
seeker:My company just laid off 10% of the workforce and furloughed another 10%. I'm worried I'm going to be in the next round.
supporter:Why do you think you are the next round? Do you know how did they choose them?
seeker:Just based on their tenure and job experience. I'm around the same level.
supporter:I know, this year was stressful for everyone in our planet, so you are not alone
supporter:What's the worst scenario do you think will happen?
seeker:I know, but I am the only one in the family making money and we need this job. My wife was laid off earlier this year.
seeker:If I'm laid off, we can't afford our home. We are already dipping into savings because my wife lost her job.
supporter:Did you try searching for new jobs?
seeker:I tried and had a couple of interviews but the response was pretty much "you're too experienced" or "we have cheaper applicants than you". Obviously not that direct but reading between the lines you know?
supporter:Hmmmm, First of all stop being panicked, You still have your job
seeker:I guess so. I can't help feeling a sense of dread though like I'm next.
supporter:The good thing is you anticipate losing your job, so you have the advantage here
seeker:How so?
supporter:You can prepare yourself for that! yes, as simple as this
supporter:Search for new jobs, get help from your wife and friends
seeker:What kind of help?
supporter:Search locally and online, If you try enough you will see the results soon
seeker:I've been searching for the past month. It's just been so hard trying to break through to an interview.
supporter:Help in searching for jobs and supporting you emotionally
seeker:It's been frustrating. I've sent out 50 resumes and got 3 interviews.
supporter:Let me be straight ok? you somehow don't have any other options but searching
supporter:You can do it! who knows! maybe you will get a better job 
seeker:Do you have any tips? It just seems I can't find a thng
seeker:thing
supporter:Look at this situation as an opportunity, you still have your job and you can search for even a better job
seeker:Yes, that's what I've been trying to do. I just can't find anything.
seeker:Or get my foot in the door anywhere
supporter:Don't get disappointed, put effort, seek new methods for searching, research online
seeker:Do you know any new methods for searching?
supporter:Ask around locally, maybe there is an organization locally for support in this pandemic situation
seeker:Yeah that's been a problem. With cuts in the budget my local resource center is closed down.
seeker:Anyway I know you tried your best. Thanks for listening.
supporter:I hope I could help a little

seeker:Hi there
supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:I'm not feeling great. I applied for a job recently which took a lot of time. I now have an interview and it's in 3 days. I'm getting really nervous about this because I think I need longer to prepare. 
supporter:I know how you feel, I have often felt anxiety before a job interview. 
supporter:What makes you feel that you are unprepared?
seeker:The thing is I'm really good at interviews but usually it takes time to prepare. It's a corporate interview so I need to prepare behavioural answers to certain scenarios. In the past this has taken me a week to learn and record to memory
supporter:Is it possible that you could get a friend or family member to work with you on your responses? That could possibly speed up your preparation time.
seeker:Yes perhaps. I need to draw on previous experience so I think I'll need to prepare. I'm just so busy at work these days I just don;t think I'll have the time. 
supporter:I can see that you are feeling a large amount of stress about the situation.
supporter:Would it be possible to take one or more days off from work to give yourself more time?
seeker:Yes this is very stressful. Have you ever had a similar experience and if so how did you handle it?
seeker:Potentially but this is very short notice, usually I have to provide more notice for leave from work.
supporter:Yes, I have had to deal with time pressures quite a few times. I am sure most people have in the modern era where everything moves so fast. I have usually gotten help from friends, or done my best to delay or remove other commitments from my life. As a last resort, I have sometimes had to accept that I would be getting less sleep than usual for a few days. 
supporter:Are there any other commitments that you can possibly delay or remove from your life while you prepare for your job interview?
seeker:Perhaps I can ask if I can finish early from work for the next couple of days and get some time that way. I do think however I'll be more nervous due to less time to prepare. The thing is I'd delay the interview but this might affect my chances.
seeker:I suppose I could ask my partner to look after the childcare for the next couple of days.
supporter:That seems like a good idea, unless that will be likely to cause you other problems. You seem like a hard working, diligent type of person that can make this work if you make the effort.
seeker:Tanks , I think I need to stay positive about this. Not sure how to handle my interview nerves however?
supporter:Well, everyone handles stressful situations differently, but there are some things you can do or try that might help. If you prepare as much as possible in the time that you have, you can be confident that you have done your best, and that is all that matters. You can decide that while you would like to get this new job, the world will not end if you don't get it, and you will worry less and have less stress. Also there is the classic technique of picturing your interviewer in their underwear. It makes them seem less imposing, and you can feel more confident.
supporter:Do you think any of these ideas might help?
seeker:There are actually some great suggestions there. The naked idea is a classic and it did make me smile. I think I am aiming for perfection when I think I should try and relax and just give it my best shot. That does help actually!
supporter:Be confident in your abilities. You are the right person for the job, and if the interviewer does not see that, it is their failing, not yours. You will do great.
seeker:Thanks for that. I think the key to this is confidence so I'll go with it. Feeling more relaxed about it all now,
supporter:Excellent. I am very happy to hear that. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
seeker:No that's great. Thanks from your help
supporter:You are quite welcome. It was a pleasure speaking with you. Have a great day.

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling? 
seeker:im good. how are you? just dealing with this guy
supporter:So, you are having trouble dealing with someone? 
seeker:yes and no. i agreed to work with him on the board when he asked me. he said he trusts me
supporter:If he says he trusts you I am sure that he does. He would not have asked you to work with him if he did not. 
seeker:very true. not sure if he just likes me as as friend or if he wants me back. we dated then he broke up. then he asked me out again and didn't see me cuz he was busy. now he's asking me to be on the board with him. not sure if he has other motives to try to get back with me
supporter:That must be incredibly confusing for you. How does this make you feel overall? 
seeker:confused! i'll know sooner or later what he wants. thing is i was hanging out with his friends recently who had wanted to sleep with me. he knew it and didn't like it. he liked it when i stopped talking to them
supporter:How does this relate to him asking you to be on the board with him? 
seeker:cuz the first time he asked me out i was helping him with the board. i think it might be a way for him to spend time with me and then work his way back in. not sure if he will or not though. time will tell
supporter:It is okay to feel confused and perhaps even angry about this. Have you considered talking to him and asking him straight out what his intentions are? 
seeker:yes but i'm afraid what i'll hear
supporter:I realise that this must be difficult but isn't it best to get things out into the open? 
seeker:it is but hes already hurt me before. i feel i'll find out sooner or later anyways. that way i can save face
supporter:I think it might be best for you to make a clean break. It sounds like you are being manipulated. 
seeker:possibly. i'd prob be better being away from the situation
supporter:Certainly you would be. I know that it is hard but you will feel better in the long run. 
seeker:I think I would. I tried to break away once but they asked me to come back
seeker:i feel there are benefits to it also
supporter:You need to be aware that that can and will happen. Ignore it. What sort of benefits do you feel that there are? 
seeker:it gives me an upper edge and more clout
supporter:In what way does it do that? 
seeker:being on the board gives me perks
supporter:Do you feel that perhaps you might be using him just a little bit? 
seeker:yes and i think he is using me to a degree also
supporter:Let me get this straight - you do have feelings for him but you are confused and you think that there's an element of mutual manipulation.
seeker:yes
supporter:You are definitely not the only person to feel this way! 
seeker:it's a difficult situation. i think it will become clearer the deeper i get into it. thing is he is the head of the board and holds the power. 
seeker:what it comes down to is im wondering if he has feelings for me
supporter:I feel that you are paying too much attention to your position on the board. 
seeker:i feel it gives me an advantage i want at the moment.
supporter:But that is rather manipulative of you. 
seeker:if you were me you would forget about him and the board
supporter:Yes I definitely would do that. 
seeker:thing is he is encouraging me to be like that. cuz it helps him too
seeker:okay. i'll try to lay low and walk away from it
supporter:I think it's time for a clear severance. Do you have any other people you are interested in? Any hobbies? 
seeker:yes but it's less than before cuz of Covid lockdowns. so it makes me more susceptible to this- if that makes sense
supporter:Ah I hear you. You feel that your options are rather more limited than previously because of the lockdown? 
seeker:yes
supporter:That is something I believe that most of us are feeling right now so I sympathise. 
seeker:true. i just have to be strong about it with him. even if he likes me i don't think it's a healthy relationship
seeker:i slept with one of his friends and the other one wanted to sleep with me too
supporter:I can tell that you really have deep reservations and know deep down that this is not a healthy place for you to be 
supporter:Is he aware that this happened? 
seeker:yes when it comes down to it
seeker:he suspected it happened
seeker:his friend asked the one i slept with if it was true. he denied it. so i think he suspected it
supporter:Do you feel guilty about this? 
seeker:now that im talking to him i do a little. it felt good at the time like i was getting back at him
seeker:you can tell this is a very twisted situation
supporter:Do you feel that you want to get revenge on him? 
seeker:not really. i just felt that if he stayed with me i wouldn't have slept with his friend and almost did with his other one
supporter:I am not sure what to say that will help your problem and give you closure.
seeker:thank ya for listening. i think it'll clarify itself in time
supporter:I hope so and I really do hope for the best for you. These are difficult times for all of us! 

supporter:Hi there. How are you doing today?
seeker:I'm  good. Getting cold outside. Temp dropping over 20 degrees. Brr
supporter:Yes, I know! It's supposed to snow this week where I am.  So, I understand you are in need of someone to talk to. What's going on.
seeker:Oh no, I hate driving in the snow. Spun out one year- rather not drive in snow- at least when it's icy.
seeker:My interest rate hit another credit card. Have to pay $80 more a month now
seeker:Hoping to find more work so I can pay it off faster
supporter:Ah, so if I understand you correctly, your interest rate has increased, so you need to find another job to pay it off?
seeker:yeah cuz it was a no interest rate card and that expired so it started charging interest. I knew it was coming but need to work more hours now. The interest I pay every month will go down as I pay more of the principal off. I just hate it
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Are you feeling stressed out about it?
seeker:Yes and no. Cuz I know I will pay it off within 3 years at the most. Probably closer to two years. I just don't like to wait and want to pay it off sooner if possible
supporter:I understand exactly how you feel. When I finished school, I wanted to pay off my student loans as soon as possible.
supporter:I'm glad to hear that you are not too stressed about it though.
seeker:Yeah it's easier said than done. Btw I heard Biden might forgive student loans! Yay!
seeker:Yeah cuz it bought a lot of items I needed so I'm happy I got them
supporter:I heard about Biden's plans as well! Luckily, I paid all of my debts already but I think it will be great for other people.
supporter:Perhaps if you are unable to find another job to reduce the principal, you could try setting aside a certain amount of money each month to put towards the amount owed?
seeker:maybe they will reimburse you on what you paid
seeker:I could if i really discipline myself to
supporter:It's just a thought. Alternatively, I'm not sure if you typically get money for birthdays and the winter holidays, but you could commit some of that amount towards your principal amount.
seeker:I get some but I spend the money on myself- like chocolate!
seeker:itll prob take me 2-3 years to pay it off. if i go too much into discrectionary money i feel deprived
supporter:I understand that also. There needs to be some sort of balance.
supporter:However, it sounds like you are a smart person and will make sure to pay off the amount responsibly. Everything will be okay!
seeker:absolutely. the time will go by fast enough and it will be paid off. ill make sure not to run the credit  cards so high next time
supporter:Sounds like you've learned an important lesson from this, and will work towards responsibly paying it off. I have faith in you!
seeker:thank ya! I think I'm fairly responsible. I like to have nice things and my credit card bill proves it lol
supporter:Just find the right balance between pleasure and responsibility and you will be just fine!
supporter:Are you feeling a bit better now after chatting?
seeker:yes very much so. thank ya! Have a great evening! Bye
supporter:You too!

seeker:My friend thinks we should still be friends but her drug addict boyfriend has already borrowed money from myself and others too many times and has stolen from other people.
supporter:Let me see if I understand you correctly, you no longer want to be friends because her boyfriend is a drug addict and a thief?
seeker:Yes, I can still care about her but I cannot be a part of her life if this is what she wants.
supporter:i can understand and i have had to do the same thing.  
seeker:Am I wrong? Sometimes I'm confused by what I'm seeing. Other times, like now, I feel confident in my decision. I guess I never thought I would see her end up with this kind of situation.
seeker:Hello?
supporter:I think you have to do what keeps you safe  and healthy.  you can tell her you are here for her, but that you will not watch her destroy her life/
seeker:I thought the same thing. I've had family members who were alcoholics and it was almost the same thing. I bailed them out till I saw it wasn't going to make a world of difference. 
supporter:so your plan is to keep your distance, your friend will eventually see him for who he is.
seeker:How do I deal with the sadness of all this?
supporter:I would suggest joining  a group like Al-Anon.  It will be goof for you to talk to others in this situation.
seeker:Maybe so. I know I talk to family about it and they don't think it's that big of a deal.
supporter:It is difficult for others to understand unless they are in the situation.  
seeker:Yes, I guess it is not easy for them to understand. But she's been my friend for so many years, I just don't get it. What was that group Al-Anon?
supporter:I mean Non-Anon  -it is a 12 step program for loved ones of addicts.
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:I'll have to look into it. 
supporter:okay 
seeker:No, I think that's all I needed,maybe just talking about it put things into perspective.
supporter:Great, it was nice talking to you.
seeker:Nice talking to you too.
supporter:Bye
seeker:Goodbye.

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hey, how are you today?
seeker:I am well, thanks for asking. I am doing some studying and taking a break now
seeker:Just to talk about some of the feelings, thoughts, and stresses 
seeker:The big thing on my mind now is the pandemic. And it's the start of the second wave in my city. 
supporter:I completely understand what you are going though, indeed it is tough times.
seeker:yeah it sure has been since March this year for my city
supporter:So tell me, what are you going through your mind regarding the pandemic and the second wave?
seeker:There's kind of a lag as I am on the East Coast. So the cases didn't really show up for the second wave until this month, only sporadically last month. But we were doing now until about two to three weeks ago
seeker:well fear, anxiety
seeker:worries, and also anger that people are being foolish and complacent, especially the youth groups that go to gyms and restaurants a lot, or to gatherings.
seeker:even in my apartment people on my floor walk back and forth frequently to go out, for what, I don't know and it just boggles on my mind. 
supporter:Yes I understand, I'm from the east coast and I'm deeply concern about the raising cases and the lockdown. 
seeker:I get that there's a fatigue but I was there and I had that fatigue and I got over that a few months ago late summer when I tried to reason myself that it was safe to go out when there weren't any cases then, as the first wave was gone from my city
seeker:I see. Yeah I feel you definitely
seeker:like people are becoming impatient but this is not the right time to be. If I can overcome that initial impatience, others should also. If they have no right reason to be out except for work and personal business, then I don't think they should be doing that too much. 
supporter:I think those who are aware of the situation should follow the rules and be aware. We really can't change the situation because it human nature. 
seeker:it is. And that's sad but true.
seeker:It's in our nature, as you say. It's in our nature to destroy and to consume, etc.
seeker:unfortunate but I can only cope by doing what I feel is right, and continue to do so
seeker:and not compromise my values along with others
supporter:However, we shouldn't let it affect us physically, spiritually and most importantly mentally. We need stay relax and be aware of whats going on and believe that by following the rules we are doing our part in reducing the speard.
seeker:yes I agree also. It's hard though and it was getting to me even more middle of this year. I was more affected and more emotional. So I do see that I am getting used to it, though how long is uncertain, as the cases rise again. So hopefully I can stay well mentally 
supporter:Every night, I give myself an hour to unwind and relax. Things like, enjoying a movie, snack, drink or even favorite candle helps a lot. 
seeker:and yeah, that's the best we can do for now, as you say, is follow the rules and science, and do our part. 
seeker:ignore the naysayers and compromisers
seeker:that's really good
seeker:the relaxation technique, I mean
supporter:Exactly, keep calm and relax. Avoid any negative vibes. Aim is to distress yourself. 
seeker:yeah I take time every now and then off from my studies, but my schedules are not set or consistent, and I procrastinate a lot. So that when I fall behind on a typical day, I try to catch up and end up not having enough time to even work out at home, or feel tired and sleepy, when I should have finished with my academic work early in the day. 
seeker:yeah that's good advice. I will keep trying to tune out and filter the negativity and daily news
supporter:I'm on the same boat. Build yourself a well structure schedule and aim to follow it. Trust me if accomplish 90% of it, that one hour me time will feel even better. 
seeker:so yeah, just aimless and procrastinate often, and need more self-imposed structure, discipline, maturity, organization, time-management, etc. 
seeker:yeah good idea
seeker:like I am only lately gaining ground and staying on track so I am improving on this
seeker:yeah I should be like that too, something like having an hour to look forward to towards the end as a reward of some sort. 
supporter:Any improvement is still improvement!
seeker:true. My courses are nearly finished anyhow by the end of december. So after that, I will revamp my style in the new year and start anew
seeker:Anyhow that's all for now. I think you have provided some very valuable advice
seeker:And I will keep those in my mind on a daily basis
supporter:No problem! Don't stress and just work on improving yourself!
seeker:will do. I will get through this and good luck to you also. 
seeker:Stay well and safe and thank you so much for your support!

seeker:I can't seem to connect with friends much anymore.
supporter:That must be hard to not be with friends so much. Being social is human.
seeker:I miss them so much, but don't know how to connect.
supporter:Have you tried calling them to express your concerns?
seeker:I did but they want to meet in person and I just can't
supporter:It sounds like you are trying.  Have you expressed to them why you feel the way you do?
seeker:I've tried to but I don't think they take the COVID seriously.
supporter:That can be hard when there are different viewpoints on such a big issue.
seeker:It sure is.  Do you have any suggestions?
supporter:Do you think that having a friend intervene and having a third party help out could help?
seeker:That could possibly work.  My friend is so much more receptive to my other friend in hearing her out.  Maybe she could assist.
supporter:That sounds like a great idea.
supporter:It sounds like you are thinking of alternate paths to work through the friendship.  Your friend will appreciate all the efforts you are making to show you care.
seeker:Yes, I'm trying my best
supporter:Do you think your friends would like a card?
seeker:I think that might show I care too and be helpful.
supporter:My mother-in-law often sends cards for each holiday because she can't leave her home due to illness.  I know deep down she cares even though she is not in person.
seeker:You make a good point.
supporter:Sometimes patience can make the difference in a relationship.  Do you feel like you have any other concerns?
seeker:I think I'm starting to feel better about the situation and trying to be more positive.
supporter:I'm happy to hear that.  Keep positive as you are trying hard to go down the right path and your friends will appreciate that.
seeker:Thank you for your help.

seeker:Hello! Anyone there?
supporter:hello! it's nice to meet you
seeker:Thank you you too
supporter:What would you like to talk about today?
seeker:How I can feel less ashamed 
seeker:My house is so disorganized I won’t let anyone co e over
supporter:What is making you feel ashamed?
seeker:Every single room is disarrayed 
supporter:it seems that you feel ashamed because you are feeling messy? is this correct?
seeker:Yes
supporter:When did this begin?
seeker:Sorry
seeker:It started about ten years ago
seeker:I had emergency restroom call
seeker:I have moved into this house almost ten years ago
seeker:At first it was great everything was fine since it was new house but after we got settled it went down hill from that
supporter:What do you feel like brought you into this situation?
seeker:What is sad is now I really don’t care anymore 
seeker:I know I left to use restroom. But are you still there

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hi there, How are you doing today?
seeker:I am angry today.
supporter:Would you like to go into the reasons for why you are angry?
seeker:I guess. I have a friend that is being really annoying and dismissive. I feel like they're not being a good friend.
supporter:Do they act this way often?
seeker:Not really, we were talking recently and she just didn't really want to hear my opinion and talked over me. Normally she's pretty good at listening.
supporter:Well, everyone, including yourself, is entitled to an off day. Maybe something is going on with her she doesnt want to share. Or possibly even she is trying to share but doesnt know how.
seeker:I guess that could be the case.
seeker:What should I do then?
supporter:Perhaps try to reach out and see if anything is wrong.
seeker:So I should just ask her if something is going on?
supporter:I would remember though, its ok for people to want to be left alone though if things are bad, sometimes they just need their space.
seeker:Ok, that makes sense, I can get like that.
seeker:What if something isn't wrong though?
supporter:I would just say something along the lines of: Hey, youre not acting like yourself today, anything you want to talk about?
supporter:I would see if there is anything you can do to help, if not just try and be as supportive as you can.
seeker:Ok, that sounds like a good plan. I'm just a little worried that it won't work because she was acting really rude. So I feel like I don't really want to talk to her right now.
supporter:Well, youre own health and well being does come first. If you feel it wont get anywhere, give her some space and come back to it at another date if you think you both would be comfortable with it.
seeker:Okay. I think that sounds good. I'll give myself and hopefully her some time to calm down and then maybe ask if she want's to talk?
supporter:That sounds like a solid plan.
seeker:Thank you for helping! I feel a lot less upset and like I have an actual plan.
seeker:You really helped me see that something could be going on with her that made her act so rude.
supporter:I am glad i could help!
supporter:Yeah, everyone including me, forgets that each individual has their own sets of things going on each day. Always good to look at it through their eyes a bit.
seeker:Yeah, I think it's hard to do that when you're upset too.
supporter:It definitely is. I guess thats what makes us human though.
supporter:Take care!

seeker:Can you help me?
supporter:sure, what seems to be the problem
seeker:I can't figure out why my friends don't understand why I want to keep a bit distant during COVID
supporter:I had the same issue with my friends as well
seeker:Really?  What happened?
supporter:We stopped getting together and going out places cause they were all closed
seeker:Yes, that happened here.  But they still wanted to come over despite government orders limiting gatherings.
supporter:We now have weekly video call meetings instead, it helps us stay connected
seeker:That sounds like a good idea.  Is it hard to do?
supporter:Not at all, we use a program called Skype, that's free. You can use it on your phone or PC
seeker:My friends want to go out all the time.  How can we connect during a Skype?
supporter:Pick a time you'll both be available, and you'll both need the program. It's quite easy to use and there will be youtube videos that'll help you set it up, should you need it
seeker:Do you do any activities together over Skype?
supporter:We usually just chat about our week or get advice on normal things, sometimes we'll play a drinking game and be goofy together. 
seeker:Are there other games people can play together on Skype because I don't drink?
supporter:Drinking isn't a requirement, usually we'll just chat if we don't feel like drinking
seeker:I just want to connect and please my friends but it is hard to not have any physical contact and only be online.
supporter:I can understand that and it's definitely frustrating. But it'll be so much better once you can see other other again, cause absence makes the heart grow fonder
seeker:Wow, I didn't think of it that way.  That puts a positive twist on it.
supporter:Yes, I always like to look for the positive in any given situation
seeker:Thanks for your help.  I feel a lot better.

seeker:hi there
supporter:Hello, how are you?
seeker:I'm surviving. Today is better than yesterday was.
supporter:That's good.
supporter:What is bothering you?
seeker:I've been out of work since Covid closed down the live event industry in March. the unemployment system still hasn't processed any of my claims, and I have been surviving off of what I can make driving for doordash, which hasn't been a lot.
supporter:That is rough. The unemployment system has been very slow during COVID, so I completely understand your frustration and worry. I am glad to hear that you are doing door dash, even if you aren't making a lot that is still something!
seeker:ugh, yeah... I drive a really old beat up car though, so I can't really go out after dark, and I'm worried I'm driving it too much and it's going to break down
seeker:I wish mturk paid more, or one of the jobs I've applied for would hire me to do something form home
supporter:I completely understand. I also wish mturk paid more, I feel like it takes a lot of time for not that much money.
supporter:Do you have a roommate, friend, or family member's car you could possibly borrow instead of using your own?
seeker:No, I live with housemates but they all don't drive.
supporter:I understand. 
supporter:Are you still looking for and applying for jobs?
seeker:im sorry im late
seeker:I am still applying, but only for what I can do from home, and I worry i am underqualified
seeker:are you still there?
supporter:Yes I am still here.
supporter:When I started working from home I did a lot of research on different types of jobs that I could do from home. There are a lot of work options that are not necessarily well known, in my opinion, for online work.
seeker:Before this my work was primarily in concert audio, with a side hustle of carpentry. I've been playing with these survey sites, and applying for a lot of call center jobs that don't seem interested in me. If you have any suggestions I'm open to them!
supporter:If you worked in audio I know that some places, like Upwork and ACX (which does some audiobook work) are looking for audio editing. I am sure that other places are looking for audio editing. I think Fiverr may also be a good place to advertise audio work.
supporter:I also have an Etsy and Ebay shop, you could possibly sell some of your carpentry work on there if that is possible. Ebay is free to list and Etsy has a small listing fee.
seeker:okay, well thanks for chatting with me and helping me earn the bonus for this task!
supporter:You're welcome! I hope I was somewhat helpful.

seeker:Hello I am very sad 
seeker:I am more depressed than ever
supporter:Would you care to elaborate about what you're feeling sad about?
seeker:I recently broke up with my girlfriend
supporter:I am sorry to hear that, that sounds difficult.
seeker:its been very hard on me
seeker:I've spent the last few years wit her
supporter:How have you been coping?
supporter:That can be really hard, have you been able to talk to anyone about it?
seeker:i've been trying to talk to family
seeker:mainly my mom 
seeker:and brother
supporter:Do you find that to be helpful?
seeker:yes
seeker:family is always there for me
seeker:its only hard because I've been with my gf for so long
seeker:and we've spent so much time during quarantine together
supporter:That's good, it's great to have a good support system. 
supporter:I can imagine that's difficult, that would be a lot of close time together. 
supporter:Have you been able to socialize with friends or colleagues?
seeker:i try to keep my personal life away from my coworkers
seeker:i've talked to a few friends
seeker:i'm actually going out tonight to meet some up for happy hour
supporter:That's understandable about the coworkers. Going out sounds like would be beneficial, just to at least spend some time with people who care about you.
seeker:yea its going to take my mind off of things
supporter:Have you been able to engage in any other activities that help you cope/take your mid=nd off things?
seeker:i've gone for long runs and swims
seeker:well i'm going to go get ready
seeker:thank you for all your time and advice
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:if you were in my shoes, what would you do if you broke up with a serious gf/bf
supporter:I would lean on my friends, family, and others for support such as a therapist (they're good for unbiased talking), I would also focus on hobbies and things that make me feel better. Most importantly be kind to yourself and allow your self to grieve. 
seeker:thats great advice
seeker:how long should i wait before i move onto the next potential girlfriend?
supporter:That would be up to you, there's no timeline it's when you feel most comforable
seeker:thats true
seeker:i am getting old
supporter:There's no timeline on being able to date
seeker:yea, my brother and sister whom are both younger than me , are already married with kids
seeker:i feel bad because I'm the oldest one and without a family
supporter:Everyone has their own timeline, some of my friends have married in their late 40s and older
seeker:yea, thats what my family is telling me
seeker:to not rush into thigns
supporter:You have to do what's right for you
seeker:well tahnk you for your time.
seeker:take care.
supporter:Have a good time with your friends.

supporter:Hi there, how are you doing
seeker:Good evening. I am so ready for bed. Is it bedtime yet
supporter:Depending on where you are, it might be. May i ask why you are so tired?
seeker:I m in pa its 417pm and all I ever want to do is sleep
seeker:anyone there
supporter:Hello i am sorry for the delay
supporter:Is there anything going on to make you so tired?
seeker:No just tired all the time .  Doesn't matter how much sleep I get
supporter:Have you gone to a doctor yet and asked for more information about this?
seeker:I have been diagnosed with major clinical depression over 20years ago
supporter:Oh i am sorry to hear that, are you doing anything now as treatment?
seeker:I am under no treatment. I had over 20 medicines over the year and nothing helped . 
supporter:Have you tried just talking to a therapist?
seeker:years ago but nothing
seeker:now because my husband doesn't allow it or think it will help
supporter:Sometimes it can be as simple as not connecting with the right therapist. They are there to support you and if you dont feel the connection its ok to move on to another. Maybe its time to look again?
supporter:Well, your husband does not control you. You are in control of yourself. It is not his mind and body its set to help. Its yours.
seeker:true but he s got me under his control long story
supporter:I think that might be an issue you need to deal with first. That is not an ok situation to be in.
seeker:yes i know.  and you are right but like i said its a long story
supporter:There are many organizations that can help you get out of an abusive relationship.
seeker:true. I m going to go lay down now. Thanks for your information
supporter:I really hope that you try to reach out to someone for help. Do not let him control your life. I hope you can get some rest.
seeker:Thanks for trying . It s more than one 15 min conversation can do when it took years to get this way
supporter:Oh i know, thats why you need to branch out and find professionals. I know you can. 
seeker:Keep safe and thanks for listening. 
supporter:You as well, thank you for sharing.

supporter:Hi, How are you today?
seeker:I'm driving myself crazy worrying about school.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that school is so stressful.
seeker:I can't sleep at night worrying about my upcoming test.
supporter:That is really hard but I think you can be successful.
seeker:I just don't know about that.  It's so much pressure to succeed.  The classes are so expensive and I can't fail.
supporter:It sounds like you are overwhelmed and want to come up with a plan to move forward.
seeker:Yes, I sure do. Do you have any suggestions?
supporter:When I was in school, we started study groups.  They were so helpful and encouraging to each other. Are there any study groups available?
seeker:With COVID-19, everything is so different.  I don't feel like I have study group support.  
supporter:I see that COVID-19 really changes the way we do things.  Is it possible to do a zoom study group or Facetime with friends?
seeker:Wow, that sounds like a great idea.  That might work.
supporter:Do you have other concerns?
seeker:I do worry still about the financial consequences of possible failure.  If I fail, then I have to retake the class and it is so expensive.  
supporter:I can see from chatting with you that this is a major stressor for anyone to undertake. 
seeker:Yes, I'm so concerned about having to pass but also how I will pay my bills if I don't pass and don't have a degree. I will have all this college debt and nothing to show for it.
supporter:I can see where that is a stressor.  I had to repeat a class once and pay for the housing, classes, and financial aspects.  But, I did pass the next time and was able to make a difference in peoples' lives with my career.  Sometimes the stressors and challenges are part of the end goal which is even bigger to humanity.
seeker:Wow that was very well said. I appreciate that.
supporter:Keep pressing forward and work toward your dreams because you can do it.  Just the way you contemplate things so much, I can tell that you really care and will make a difference to the world.
seeker:Thanks for the help. I feel much better.
supporter:You are very welcome.  
seeker:I think I'm going to go right now and set up a zoom meet with my friends to study.  You have given some inspiration to me.
supporter:That sounds like a great plan to start studying with friends.
seeker:I'm feeling good about this now.

seeker:I can find any work and i truely dont know how i am going to eat
seeker:cant 
supporter:Good afternoon! How are you feeling today?
seeker:i am stressed out
seeker:how are you
seeker:I dont know where to look for work. i dont trust it is safe to work and i am anxious most of the time thinking of it
supporter:I know how stressful that can be! I think if we put our heads together  we should be able to figure out a plan
supporter:Did you work before?
seeker:that sounds helpful i do need some guidance
seeker:yes i did work 
seeker:i worked at a deli which has shut down so my experience is in the food industry
supporter:Ok so did you get laid off due to Covid or did you quit or general what happened
supporter:It appears you can read my mind. Before I even get a chance you already answer it.. LOL
seeker:so overall i was laid of due to covid then even though they tried to stay open the money was so ad they had to close
seeker:i am not sure what other field of work to start looking into
supporter:OK so do you have any other experience or all food industry?
supporter:Due to Covid it is very SCARY and real health concern. In my area some places are hiring but still scary
supporter:Well how about getting paid to do surveys in your home  and you can do your hours as you want?
seeker:I could do that and i have used amzon mturk i do not know of any other good paying survey sites
supporter:Or at least until you can find something to temporarily give you some money. Also what about unemployment?
seeker:unemplyment ran out im not sure how to reapply
supporter:I was going to suggest that and also do you know how to add chrome extensions?
seeker:also when the heck is another stimukus coming lolno what is a chrome extension?
supporter:Search google  maybe for unemployment in your county or call unemployment office
seeker:i am interested in ways to use my computer to make money
seeker:yes ill google it
seeker:i am so thankful to at least have access to the internet
supporter:Chrome extensions are extension you can download onto chrome browser.  Like I am using Chrome. Do you know what you are using?
seeker:i am using chrome, what does that have to do with surveys online, maye i lost the point
seeker:can i use them somehow to make money online?
supporter:Thank God for youtube you can search for almost anything.  I am not kidding . Anyways there is this add on I just discovered called turk guru made to go with mturk
seeker:oh ok what does it do
supporter:It is free for two weeks than subscription but I doubled my money in the two weeks. It helps to accept hits faster than they come thru so you get to get some high paying one
seeker:have you used amazon mturk for long
seeker:oh i see that sounds good, how much do you have to pay after that do you know?
supporter:and its .33 day and anyone can do that in a day to help pay for it.  3 years and 2months with turk guru
seeker:nice i have only used it for a month and ive made alomst 300 dollars, i am so happy for this it is just not quite enough yet
supporter:wow thats more than I make maybe I should be taking guidance from you
supporter:lol
seeker:loli
seeker:i have 3 kid and christmas is coming,thats some good motivation
seeker:that a few hours a day and sometimes i wanna throw my computer when i am done, the instant payment keeps me motivated
supporter:I can understand how stressful that can be. I have two boys and two dogs okay and two fish.  
seeker:i didnt expect this conversation to actually help me, thankyou
seeker:neat, saltwater or freshwater?
seeker:we have a salt reef tank and a cat as well named perch
supporter:It was better when we could request payment daily now soonest is 3 days and I ll tell you what . It has saved us a few times even though it was like $30 it was enough to hold us to payday fri
seeker:I have to agree any littel amount helps
seeker:yea i only saw the 3 day option 
supporter:I think saltwater I dont know we had few years and there fish. Sorry. LOL  I didnt pay attention. Sometimes just laughing helps . Laughter makes you young and happy
seeker:ok thats fine lol
supporter:Please give me a moment.. I have to do something quick. BRB
seeker:ok i think we can end  now it had een 1 minuted
seeker:fifteeen minute
seeker:thanks for your help and i am really thankful for your information. 
supporter:Sorry boys fighting roblox .  LOl. I don't think you are supposed to say that in chat.. FYI. Nor are we probably allowed to talk about mturk. 
seeker:lol say what that they are fighting?
seeker:i understand that my six year old is hooked
supporter:I am glad I could help and truthfully you never know where and when God will send you to get a little help encouragement or Big help.  No offense / I believe in God and did way before Covid. Good luck and I spoke complete Truth
seeker:they shouldve told us that or maye i missed directions, either way we completed the task and to each their own glad you can ho
supporter:my 7 yr old is OBSESSED with roblox .  LIves breathes talk  drive me nuts and screams to his 9 year old brother who is sitting in chair in same room livingj rooom

seeker:I hate how some people voted
supporter:Why do you feel that way?
seeker:because if biden really does win he's gonna fuck with everyones gun rights
supporter:You seem really concerned about gun rights. Does that sound possible? 
seeker:i am an army veteran
seeker:i defended the county and risked my life. i want to defend my children and my home how that i am back in country
supporter:Thank you for your service. I can understand how that might be a difficult situation for you, especially with your experiences. How are you handling this situation?
seeker:thank you. i'm just really worried. my neighbor is a single woman. last month her boyfriend beat her up and she called the police. it took 35 minutes to respond
seeker:i have an 8 year old daughter and five year old twin boys. i want to protect my children from harm
supporter:You are welcome. That is really kind of you to want to protect your children from harm. It seems like you feel the best way to do this is through owning guns? Have you thought of any alternatives, since the votes have been cast?
seeker:what alternative? the police are so backed up everywhere they can't respond fast enough. they should be our first line of defense here in the us against bad guys but that doesnt happen or they ccant always be trusted to respond quickly and efficiently so i feel we have to take it upon ourselves. if someone were to break in and has a gun.... i mean.. criminals dont get guns the legal way anyway you know. what should i do...throw a knife at them? lol
supporter:That is a good point you bring up about the quickness and efficiency of protection that guns can provide. 
supporter:How you thought of any other alternatives that could help your family, regarding the process of obtaining guns during a Biden presidency?
seeker:not a clue. do you have any suggestions?
supporter:Definitely! My first step would be understanding the gun policy that Biden would have and confirming the new process. Does that sound like something that could be a good starting point?
seeker:true..i may be worrying over nothing
supporter:I think you are just being careful and protective of your family. That is very honorable of a veteran like yourself.
seeker:thank you
seeker:i guess going to war makes you worry about things a lot of people dont normally have to huh 
supporter:Yes, that sounds like the case. Are there any practices that have helped you when you're worried?
seeker:well...the va has me do jornaling, deep breathing and mediation. kinda embarasing to admit... 
supporter:Don't be embarrassed! To be honest, I have had experiences with some of those, including deep breathing. I also find it helpful. 
seeker:thanks for sharing. that makes me feel better. :) 
supporter:Of course! I am glad to share and help :)
seeker:I'm glad we talked. I. hope you have a great day and a great. holiday season!
supporter:Yes it was nice. I hope you have a great holiday season as well! 

supporter:Hello there, how are you doing today?
seeker:Hello, Not too bad considering but not feeling the best I've felt in awhile 
seeker:How are you?
supporter:Im doing fine thanks, Whats going on for you to be feeling that way?
seeker:For some reason today I have felt very down about the death of my grandmother, she died in September but something just made me feel the grief all day today and i have no idea what it is
supporter:First i am sorry for your loss, Grief affects all in different ways. My father died last year but i still feel him everyday.
supporter:What i have done when feeling down, Is to try to remember a time we were happy together.
seeker:Thank you, very sorry for yours. I do think of the good times and I had a lot of those with her but she was also the person who was there for me when I was sad. I was closest to her in my family 
seeker:Hard when I remember that I can
seeker:Cannot call her
supporter:Yeah i get that, something will happen with my kid and i think, man dad would love to hear that. What i take from that is happiness knowing that i had him there before, knowing that he was there for me.
supporter:Try to take comfort in the fact that she was your go to, She was there for you but she was also trying to make you a better person.
seeker:I just want to be alone and have no place to do so. My roommate is having people over despite knowing the situation today. Just very frustrating. 
seeker:Absolutely! And she shaped my life in many ways 
supporter:Oh i can see how that is really frustrating, especially right now. Maybe reach out online to some groups, or if you really feel the need to talk on a deeper level, a local therapist?
seeker:I can usually cope with the loss fairly well but something is just bothering me today. It is because I told her as well that I wanted to be alone. She could easily go to their homes too 
seeker:Sometimes just get stuck when you are in a situation you are not happy in and can't do much to get out of it yet, but at least it is not forever. 
supporter:Well you seem to recognize that it wont last forever which is great. Everyone should know that sometimes its is ok to just be sad. Seems like you do, which is great!
seeker:yeah absolutely! It is just a very bad day and will be over sooner than later
supporter:Maybe you should treat yourself to something. Favorite dinner or dessert. Cozy up with a good book. Just try to lighten your spirits, or distract yourself.
seeker:Yeah thats a good idea
seeker:Always helps! 
seeker:I just wish I wasn't going to be stuck in my room all night 
supporter:Yea feels like weve all been stuck in our rooms for ever. Have you tried any virtual meet ups?
seeker:Yeah luckily I've been able to see my family once in awhile and what not 
seeker:and some friends
seeker:I really appreciate your support today
supporter:Well thats good. Always good to stay connect.
supporter:Not a problem, i enjoyed our chat. I hope you take care!
seeker:thank you! me too. 
seeker:same to you!
supporter:Thanks!

supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:im feeling pretty sad today
supporter:i am sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about what is bothering you?
seeker:its about me and my friend got fight for misunderstanding
supporter:It sounds like your feelings are hurt over a misunderstanding you had with a friend is this correct?
seeker:yeah thats correct
supporter:I see i am sorry that it has you feeling down, did you try to talk with your friend to see if you could resolve your feelings?
seeker:no he was not responding to me.he just avoiding me
supporter:maybe you could send him a message on social media and let him know the argument has your feelings hurt and you would like to try to talk about it when he has time
seeker:thanks but he totally avoiding me he just blocked me and he ignore me
supporter:how long have you been friends with him?
seeker:for 5 years .but he thinks that i have affair with his girlfriend
supporter:oh yea that can make things difficult, but i think if you keep reaching out you may could talk this over.
supporter:Did you try to explain to him that his thoughts were not true?
seeker:yeah but how should i start because he misjudged me and his girlfriend its a sensitive issue
supporter:I would  start off by telling him that you were sorry that he had those thoughts but there is no truth to it and the fact that he does not trust you enough to know that is hurtful to you and her.
supporter:If that does not work then you might need to take some time to reflect and figure out if that is a friendship worth trying to save, you may find yourself better off without a friend who shows no trust in you.
seeker:please give me some suggegtion that what should i do now
supporter:I would continue trying to reach out to him and until you can get in touch with him maybe find some thing to do to occupy your mind as to where it does not bother you so much.
supporter:do you have any hobbies?
seeker:yeah i like to play football
supporter:maybe go play some football to get your mind off of it
seeker:yeah sure 
supporter:from chatting with you seem like a nice person, try not to let it get you down.
seeker:now im feeling well because of you
supporter:i am glad i could be of some help!
seeker:thanks my friend
supporter:you are welcome
seeker:thake care bye my friend
supporter:bye

supporter:Hello, you there?
seeker:Yes I'm here
supporter:Good! How are you today?
seeker:I'm doing ok. Feeling kinda stuck at the moment though. Struggling with everything happening around me without me
supporter:You feel left out out. Is that what you're saying?
seeker:Maybe not so much left out but moreso left behind. I really feel like everyone else is where they're supposed to be in life and I'm just floundering here without a clue what to do next. I'm just so used to being a mom that now that my son is getting mroe independent, I really feel like when I try to look at myself, I don't see a path to things working out
supporter:I see and there was a time I felt lost or not needed too. What is it you would like to do with your life?
seeker:I really have no idea. I've been depressed for a really long time. I don't find joy in the things I used to so I don't even know what I like to do.
supporter:The best way to begin to solve a problem is recognizing there's a problem in the first place. Give yourself some credit because recognize there is a problem. Do you have friends who are mothers too and who are having some of the same issues as yourself?
seeker:No. I've isolated myself pretty good. Staying inside because of the virus has definitely helped to ease my anxiety but it makes life pretty lonely.
supporter:I see. You know if you get a mirror and look in it you'll see you are a natural leader. Here's the proof; You realized there's a problem. 2. You reached out for help. 3. You are aware of issues that are bigger than yourself. those are qualities of a leader. Have you thought about starting an online support group for parents? You would be good at it I bet.
seeker:I really appreciate you saying that. I used to be in a bunch of online support groups for single parents but life kind of got in the way and I didn't have a lot of time to focus on myself. I always had to be there for my son.
supporter:That's understandable. Most parents feel like you do so you're not alone. When I feel closed off I write. I make up stories where I'm always the heroe. Don't laugh. I always overcome some issue. I also write letters just to get out what I'm feeling. It helps and you should try it. Start a diary or write letters to your son so you can share them with him one . Are these activities you might like to try?
supporter:Friend are you still there? Hello?
seeker:I do think I would like to try those activities! Sometimes I don't want to bother my kid with my problems but he's like the best friend I have
seeker:I think I will take your advice and try to write some letters
supporter:Awww look at you. You got me smiling over here. I bet you will write some fantastic letters especially since you and your son are best friends. Good luck and call us and let us know how it's going okay? If that doesn't work together we'll come with something else. Remember there is nothing you can't overcome. You Got This! Good luck.
seeker:I really appreciate your kind words more than you know!  Thanks for the great advice and I hope you are doing good as well!  
seeker:I hope you have a great day!  Thank you so much
supporter:No problem. You made my day. Take care. See ya.

supporter:Good day, how are you doing?
seeker:Not too well.  I have been depessed because of our state shut down and today an old friend from unior high school passed.
supporter:Sorry to hear that.  I absolutely understand, it's been hard on most people having to deal with the current state of affairs and losing people.  
supporter:Do you think things will improve?
seeker:Thank you.  I know we are all in the same predicament.  
seeker:I think things will improve, but not for a year or more.  
supporter:I agree.  I lost a teacher some time ago and I've been thinking a lot about when things might improve.  A year seems plausible. 
supporter:Since it's so hard, are there things you think you can do to cheer yourself up?
seeker:A year is a long time when y
seeker:A year is a long time when you are 76 years old.  I just want to enjoy the rest of our lives - my husband and me - and travel until we can't enjoy it any longer.
supporter:Sorry to hear that.  It is really tough being restricted to not travelling.
supporter:I call my parents (around your age) about once a week.
seeker:Thank you so much for your support.  It is tough and there is nothing to do.
supporter:Do you have family you can talk to?
supporter:Have you considered volunteering?  I ask because my neighbor bakes for the local food bank and it helps her.
seeker:Yes, I do, but I can't talk to my son in Florida because he lost his job and havng  tough time.  I don't feel like I should enjoy my life when he is suffering.  We may need to help him financially.  I use to volunteer at a nursing home, but I am afraid to now with the virus
supporter:That is reasonable.  And it sounds like you are doing all you can.
supporter:Could you teach from home online and keep yourself safe?  Or perhaps provide your son financial support?
seeker: I am trying to do what I can for my son and also to help so I don't get too down and depressed.
supporter:You are doing everything you can.  Some things are just beyond our control.
supporter:And we are all struggling, so please know you are not alone in your feelings.
seeker:Thank you - that makes me feel some better.  You are right and I learned more than ever that some things I con't control.   Yes, we are all struggling and trying to get this this pandemic.  I am sorry that we are all going through this and pray it will get over soon.
supporter:I couldn't agree more.  We will get through this with each others help.
seeker:Yes, we will get through this - it helps so much to have others support.  I do thank you very much for talking with me today.  Have a great day!
supporter:You too, have a wonderful day and know you are in my thoughts.

seeker:Hello, I am here to talk about my daily stresses
supporter:Hi there. 
seeker:Hi pleased to meet you and hope you're doing well
supporter:yes, Thank you. and i hope you are doing well as well
seeker:yeah I am okay. Just daily stresses such as disrupted life routines from the pandemic and growing anxiety as my city is facing the beginning of the second wave.
supporter:i surely understand you. this pandemic has been really stressful. 
seeker:yeah you bet
seeker:for example, I only go out once or twice a week for my job, and once every two weeks for groceries. And that's it. But even then, when I have to be in close quarters with coworkers and even to go out for groceries, that scares me.
supporter:yeah, people are not social distancing enough. 
supporter:but wearing a mask and then using sanitizer should at least give us a bit of a confidence
seeker:like it was only this tuesday when my city finally acknowledge there's community spread and second wave, when it has been happening slowly for the last two weeks!
seeker:it's irresponsible and they share information slowly to the public and don't disclose enough information. And they are still not shutting down gyms or restaurants, when they are the main sources right now in my city.
supporter:at least now i hope the city will put in more restrictions and mandate mask wearing.
seeker:yeah I have been doing all that, with the washing of the hands and so forth. The situation at my job is unavoidable but I am still as careful as I try to cope. 
seeker:well, it's only today they brought the limit to social gatherings from 10 to 5. 
supporter:have you tried reaching out to mayor's office to see if there is any way you could request for more restrictions. most of the cities do have a hotline or a channel for residents to give suggestions or request something
seeker:too slow and they don't believe in shutting down essential businesses when that will stop it once and for all after two or three weeks. They did that earlier this year for the first wave and that pretty much did the trick. And today they openly said that unless deemed necessary, they will only shut down selective places because restaurants need to stay open for business, etc. 
supporter:hmm, that's a bummer.
seeker:yeah there's a local line but it's a pretty big city and it wouldn't really matter what I say 
supporter:okay
seeker:but anyhow, I have been conferring with my friend pretty much daily on the phone and that does help with social support. 
seeker:But thanks for that advice, it's a good idea
supporter:that's great. having a supportive friend/family is so much a blessing during this pandemic
seeker:yes definitely, since I live alone and pretty much self isolated since March of this year. 
seeker:I have gotten used to it and more comfortable. Before I was more nervous, lonely, and claustrophobic. It is better now but my fear is coming back due to the rising cases. 
supporter:yeah, i can understand. 
supporter:do you have any hobbies or interests that you can work on to help you put your mind away for sometime?
seeker:yeah thanks for listening. And this does impact my daily routines, from my workout patterns, sleep patterns, and diet. 
seeker:yeah somewhat 
seeker:but not productive energy. I tend to be lethargic, immobile at my computer for long times, surfing the net aimlessly when I should be studying, and just distracted. 
supporter:there are a good number of online forums for most of the hobbies/interests.. that'll help you share your work and also get some additional ideas
seeker:and I sleep real late and wake up real late. It's all backwards and unhealthy and I am disappointed in myself. I also work out less because I can work out at home but I have done that less and less as somehow I don't feel motivated. 
seeker:okay yeah good idea. 
seeker:I can look for more videos too on such resources
seeker:like I don't play any musical instruments but that would be great for a distraction like that or to pass time or to improve on a craft or project.
supporter:putting away my phone has helped me a lot. also, i have designed a daily routine to include more of the tasks that i like
seeker:Just pretty much my studies with two online courses and not even reading anything outside of school. And even then, my school work ethics suck and I am kind of disappointed at my lapses that way. 
seeker:ok yeah great ideas
supporter:yeah, try to start learning a new musical instrument of your choice. maybe just 30-60 mins everyday.
seeker:I have started to put away my phone
seeker:as I realize that I use it a lot too 
supporter:nice
seeker:So I put it at the opposite end of my room for example
seeker:started doing that lately and so the screen time has reduced somewhat
seeker:so just trying to channel my productive energy into finishing school deadlines
supporter:social media and then this relentless flow of covid news/info is also stressful
seeker:yeah for sure, especially following up news from around the world and in the states
seeker:just stressful loads of news just catching up to daily events
seeker:and as for daily schedule, yes I have kind of more control on that too as I try to write down what I should do now and set an alarm to start doing this at this time etc, especially in juggling my school work. 
seeker:but yeah your ideas are great and match my thinking exactly
supporter:yepp. i read a book - 'atomic habits'. and kind of designed a daily routine. this helping me a lot and reducing stress as well. 
seeker:I see. okay I will keep doing that. 
seeker:I will search that book too, interesting title 
supporter:and also try and note down things that stress or upset you. and then over a period try to avoid those triggers. 
seeker:okay then. I am good to go on that note. Thanks for reaching out and listening. It's great that you understand and am providing great advice. 
seeker:ok
seeker:kind of a reminder on what stresses me and to avoid that etc
seeker:that's great
seeker:like a debriefing 
seeker:you've given a lot of great suggestions actually. Thanks a lot for that
supporter:yepp. and if you try to remove or avoid those triggers, it will really help
seeker:you've been quite helpful
seeker:for sure. I believe that also
seeker:avoiding stressors and cope 
supporter:sure no problem. hope you get through this and also be able to successfully complete your school courses 
seeker:yeah I am okay. They are coming to an end at end of this month and next so dialing down so I am at a crunch period. 
seeker:Thank you again and I hope you well also. And keep staying well and safe. 
supporter:you are welcome. stay safe and be happy :) 

supporter:Hi how are you today
seeker:Hi, I;m not too good. Just trying to get over a really bad breakup, still haven't wrapped my head around it to be honest
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that you want to tell me what happened?
seeker:Yeah, apparently the covid situation was getting to him and after he lost his job, he decided he wanted to find himself and try the single life after ten years together
supporter:oh no that is terrible, are you able to support yourself financially without him?
seeker:Yeah, thankfully, I was basically supporting us both. It was just the shock of it all. I came home from work and he was packing his things, no discussion, nothing just it's over and I've literally been crying all day. I don;t even think I miss him, I'm just mad about how he went about it
supporter:That is cruel, I am sure you are in shock, to leave without an explanation, or a real one is terrible. So you have no contact withim what so ever?
seeker:No contact, I sort of lost my temper when he tried to talk things over because I think he was going to use this as a threat but I was so disgusted after being tired from work that I just threw my phone and now my way of contacting him is gone 
supporter:Maybe that is not all bad, gives him time to think and you too. And if he regrets what he did he will return. But then you would have to make a decission, if you would want him back. 
seeker:I sort of don't think I want him back. Not when he thinks our relationship is some sort of pawn for him to hold over my head. It sucks because my parents didn't even like him, I stuck my neck out for him and now this happens
supporter:Well I am sure it sucks and feels a bit lonely. But if you dont want him back have a glass of wine and celebrate the you, you deserve the best and nothing less.
seeker:I think I'm more scared of being alone because we were together for so long, you know? Like I haven't ever lived on my own. It sounds dumb but I think I'm going to miss the company more than my relationship
supporter:I believe it is hard to home is all of a sudden much more quiet, maybe invite a friend over? I am sorry you are going through this.
seeker:Or I could get a cat, to be honest being a cat lady might be less stressful
seeker:A cat would definitely be cheaper
supporter:They are fun to have LOL, now that is the spirit go to the shelter and safe one of those poor souls. And you can pet it and it is happy to see you any time,
seeker:Thanks for listening to me gripe about this, I was just shocked, you know? Like ten years gone down the drain but I guess that's life
seeker:A kitten definitely sounds like a good idea
supporter:Sometimes it just is, but out of all the bad things something good comes out of it you might not just see it now
supporter:Take care of yourself
seeker:Thank you and you too
supporter:Bye, you need to close the conversation please

seeker:Hello
supporter:hi
seeker:I am always in the mood of depression
supporter:why  what is your problem?
seeker:If I want to do something , I think it's negative part only
supporter:just change your mind
seeker:Thanks for the hint. I tried it many-times. But I can't.
supporter:try it keep them
seeker:Do you have any other idea to get out from this negative point of view mind?
supporter:just go out with girls and do partying you will feel relax for sure. when being relaxed you wont feel negative
seeker:For example If I want to answer for question front of other people , I am not able to answer even I know the answer. 
seeker:I can go out for party. But I don't have girl friends
supporter:just try to coming outdon't shiver and dont feel useless
seeker:I am not useless because I am an example of Useless.
supporter:this is what your problem based on 
seeker:I am not able to understand your words
supporter:why are you thinking yourself like that?
seeker:Even I am not able to  understand my mother tongue. 
seeker:Do you have solutions for me?
supporter:you are the bet solution
seeker:Thank you. I try to change myself from now. No one can play my role better than me. Thank you for your cooperation. 
supporter:Thank you . so happy

supporter:Hello, what can I help you with this evening?  
seeker:I am feeling very depressed lately.
seeker:Like a constant pressure that i don't know exactly what it is
supporter:Depression is extremely rough to deal with, I'm very sorry to hear you're going through that.  
seeker:I think the days getting shorter makes it worse.
supporter:Oh yes, less light during the day makes the days seem compacted and suffocating
seeker:Do you have any tips on how to overcome it?
supporter:I believe there are special lamps that you could get to help.  I personally have been trying to get up a little earlier in the morning and enjoy my coffee with the sunrise and a scroll through Instagram
supporter:I also already have to schedule and routinize my day because I work and go to school from home, so I make sure to give myself breaks where I literally must get up and leave my desk, be in another room for a little while.  
seeker:Yes, i like to be up to enjoy the mornings but i am also hard to get woken up
seeker:I like to stay up, but when it's time to get up i dread it
seeker:Bad cycle 
supporter:Sure, that's understandable.  There are opportunities throughout the day to get a little more vitamin D, you just have to make sure to give yourself time to enjoy them.  
seeker:Time is the fire in which we burn.
supporter:Now that is intractable
seeker:Lol...yes it is
seeker:The pandemic heightens all our awareness of time and mortality
supporter:Sometimes, to me, the enormity of the universe is calming to my anxiety.  Being assured that I mean absolutely nothing is nice sometimes. 
seeker:And drives the civil unrest which makes me feel anxious and insecure
supporter:Not in a scary, better-off-dead kind of way, but in the way that a galaxy is a slow moving explosion.  I'm a flea to the universe.
seeker:Yes i find that a strangly comforting thought 
supporter:... then you have to wonder, what are fleas thinking?!  
seeker:They have the luxury of instinct without having to "think" at all
supporter:God, tell me more, lol
seeker:They just be fleas.
seeker:Fleas gonna flea.
supporter:Galaxies gonna spiral.
seeker:I worry too that the U.S. government has no idea what it's doing
seeker:And the people at large are all losing their mental health 
supporter:Yeah they have kicked the can down to local governments, local governments kick the can down to the citizens.  It's absurd. No on wants to take responsibility for taking responsibility.  
supporter:It's a very uncertain situation and it's a psychological reality that when we don't have physical or metnal security, it's extremely hard for a human being to progress through stages in life or learn new skill as well or at all
seeker:I guess it's like you said before, we can only change ourselves
supporter:So everyone's plans are canceled for the year, plus no one has any idea when the shit's going to end, so not unlike a dog at the vet, the suffering seems interminable.  
seeker:And focus on our own development
seeker:True
seeker:Well thanks for your support and kind words, ending chat now
supporter:Of course, have a great evening!

supporter:How are you doing today?
seeker:I'm not so well.
supporter:I see you aren't feeling so well.  What seems to be going on?
seeker:I'm really anxious over a breakup.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you are experiencing a breakup.  That's really hard.
seeker:I'm not sure where to go or what to do?
supporter:Just from chatting with you, I can see how anxious you are in trying to get a path forward..  
seeker:I don't know how to be alone.
supporter:That's really hard, but there are supports out there.
seeker:Where can I go for support?
supporter:There are counselors out there to help with relationships.
seeker:That sounds like something I could try.
supporter:Do you have any family supports?
seeker:My sister has been through a similar situation and perhaps could help.
supporter:It sounds like your sister could be a great support being that she has had a similar situation.
seeker:That is a good idea.
supporter:Family can often be a strength for support.
seeker:That is so true.  Thanks so much.  I'm going to get some help and am feeling better about things.
supporter:Yes, family can be a great support.  I am glad you are starting to move forward with a plan.
seeker:Have a great night.  Thanks again.  
supporter:Thank you for chatting and I wish you well.
seeker:I feel so much calmer now after chatting with you.

supporter:Hello, how can i support you tonight?
seeker:Hi there, I guess I just want to talk about some academic pressure
seeker:I am just trying to pull an all-nighter and try to get through some lengthy reading of my textbook. I have a final coming up after next week. 
supporter:School can be very demanding. What has you stressed?
seeker:yeah just trying to speed through the readings as I still have more than a few units to read through 
supporter:All nighters can be rough. Do you have snacks and caffeine?
seeker:and meanwhile, have one assignment from this course also at the end of this month, and another course's assignment, and that course's exam is coming up next month. 
seeker:yeah just trying to load myself up with coffee. 
seeker:I am used to the idea of staying up because I have been doing that since the pandemic early on this year, but I seem to be distracted and procrastinating, especially in the early hours of the morning, and just go on the computer and waste time, etc. 
seeker:it's kind of hard to sit myself down I guess
supporter:You can master it within in a month, you are already getting a head start
seeker:yeah this is my third go through the entire course, the third round of studying. So that the knowledge would be fresh in my mind.
seeker:just the entire next week is all I have left to get through like 6 units of readings
supporter:Yes the pandemic has created a lot of challenges for routines and schedules
seeker:plus finish up the assignment and I have a part-time job, and plus doing some catching with the other course which is all due next month after this course.
seeker:yeah it sure has. 
seeker:I can go on and on about that too 
supporter:I am confident you can succeed, it sounds like you have a plan and dedication 
seeker:And another thing is by the time I get wise up to not procrastinate, like around 3 or 4 am, I become tired and sleepy, and my brain kicks in and immediately doesn't cooperate. So just a pattern of that going on lately. 
seeker:thanks just gonna do my very best and be mature and catch up because my marks have been good but have been procrastinating, lazy, and slow with everything since the pandemic. 
supporter:That is a tough cycle to break. 
seeker:yeah it's stupid. Once I am done with these two courses, I can finally stop sleeping so late. Because regardless of the courses, I have been sleeping at around the same time, which is late almost every night, since the pandemic started. 
supporter:I think you're saying you will have go put your nose to the grind 
seeker:so it will be a good time for me to take a breather and reset my bad bad habits and circadian rhythm after these two courses. 
seeker:and get back to some normalcy in my life routines. 
seeker:it will literally be a fresh start, next january 
supporter:Yes, definitely allow yourself time to breathe
seeker:yeah exactly, nose to the grind
seeker:yeah too many bad habits from the pandemic and social isolation. Excessive procrastination, not working out much, eating pattern is bad, sleep pattern is bad, etc.  
supporter:I think you sound very capable, despite the amount of stress you're under
seeker:its all linked and most of it is due to the pandemic and the studies is just a reinforcement of this loop, fuels it actually.
supporter:You can get back on track with those healthy behaviors 
seeker:Thank you. I am getting better as each day brings me closer to the first exam. I am actually catching up and I feel guilty of myself for the bad habits and not doing the courses as well as I should but just at the end, I feel like I am getting a grip on it again.
seeker:Thank you for your advice
seeker:I hope I can break my bad cycles like I said.
supporter:You are welcome. I definitely relate to how you feel
seeker:Thanks. Yeah I can see that you understand. That's good
supporter:I believe in you!
seeker:thank you very much! I will continue to study after we chat. I am just taking a break
seeker:this has been a good refresher break. So thank you for your kind words and your trust in me
supporter:Same, have a good night and get some rest
seeker:okay. So I am good to go then. Thank you again and all the best to you and I hope you continue to stay safe. Good night. 
seeker:You too, rest well. 

supporter:Hello, how can I help you this evening?  
seeker:I am really worried about the future.
supporter:That's a very understandable worry to have, and I'm sorry you're dealing with that right now.  
seeker:The pandemic and economic downturn keep me up at night.
supporter:Is there a specific path or event in the future that you are worried about?  
seeker:Yes, how the pandemic will play out mostly.
supporter:Things are very uncertain these days.  I certainly have never experienced anything like it.  
seeker:I guess we are all in the same boat
supporter:Personally, I have tried to lessen my anxiety by limiting my intake of news and social media.  No matter what one might believe, there's always someone out there that's apparently going to take it to an extreme, and reading over and over about that is emotionally exhausting.  
seeker:I think that definitely plays into it. I want to be informed, but not diluged.
supporter:Or constantly terrified.
supporter:We can't control the world, or even another person really, but we can control ourselves.  
seeker:How do you comfort yourself that it's not that bad?
supporter:Well, I don't try to deny the seriousness of the situation at all.  But I do try to keep myself and my family healthy, physically and mentally, and maintain my close friendships via text/video.
seeker:Thanks for your insights. It is helpful to talk it out.
supporter:And I schedule my day, even though I'm working and going to school from home.  I schedule breaks to go out and enjoy the fresh air, dance like an idiot to some music, play with my dogs, or whatever is refreshing.  
seeker:Now is the time to focus and be disciplined. 
seeker:I will take your advice.
supporter:A routine has been really really helpful.  I also make sure to get plenty of sunshine.  As the winter comes in, we have shorter days and it feels suffocating.  
seeker:Yes, the short days are a major depressant
seeker:I feel like those around me dont understand my anxiety
supporter:That must be frustrating.  I've learned there are just some people I can't trust with my vulnerabilities.  
seeker:I may overtrust
supporter:But again, you cannot control how they react, you can only control yourself.  And that's not to say you can turn off your emotions or anything, but once you let go of the idea that you can control someone else to your liking, you will feel better.  Less out of control.  Because that's a lot of what is disturbing about the pandemic.  We have zero control over it.  
seeker:You're good at this. Thanks for your support. Ending chat when timer allows.
supporter:Sure thing, I wish you luck, and thank you for the compliment :-)  

seeker:Hello I would like to talk to you regarding my daily stresses
supporter:sure, please go ahead and share your story
seeker:pretty much being social isolated due to the pandemic, trying to finish up my studies at the same time, and what's going on in the world with regards to the pandemic. My physical and mental health aren't great, and I am not eating as well as I should or sleeping as well as I should.
seeker:I guess we all go through that in different ways with the pandemic now
supporter:it sounds like you are having depression, have you shared your problems with anyone?
seeker:yes sure, I chat with my friend everyday on the phone and that helps to talk about each other's day and my thoughts and feelings, observations with the world etc.
supporter:that's great! Friends can be big help
seeker:I am just not able to help my tendencies to sleep really late and wake up late. My sleep pattern is really abnormal and I am disappointed in myself. It's not much about the pandemic as just gotten a really bad habit and trying to stay up late and watch movies or catch up with my work. Then it's a vicious circle in which the next day I wake up late, and my day starts late, and so to get as much done, I repeat the same damaging cycle. 
supporter:If you have time, spend at least 1-2h everyday outdoor. You can talk a walk in the park or just simply go to the stores
seeker:So I am having real trouble breaking this pattern. And because I work once or twice a week and not during the day, I don't even have the motivation or need to wake up early. 
seeker:I go out only for personal errands and that's once every week or two weeks. I still am not prepared to go out even for walks. But that's just my stubborn thinking. 
supporter:In order to have better sleep pattern, maybe you should exercise, at first your body will be tired which helps you sleep better and earlier
supporter:spending too much time indoor is very damaging to your mentality. Even the most normal person will go crazy at that rate.
seeker:My thinking is that I had stuck to this for so long it's not my style to compromise and I tend to be stubborn. And that if I had done that, I would have done that early on this year. But other people are doing it but it's also coupled with the pandemic in which I just don't think I or anyone should risk that, since I am basically sacrificing myself, while others in my apartment building are walking freely in and out. So that's my thinking. 
seeker:Yes I understand. I do know it's bad to get stuck indoors. Believe me, before all this, I was going out many times a week to the movies and to the gym.
supporter:I feel you, when everything starts closing down again. I also feel angry because I've been doing everything right and now am punished because of other selfish people
seeker:Now I just do a lot of time nothing but on the computer or in my studies. A lot of the time aimless, not even studying that well or using my time well. And I don't have the same motivation to work out that much at home, which I used to do a lot. 
seeker:exactly. I understand your feelings too on that. 
seeker:A lot of selfish people inviting others indoors or going out, even a few months ago when the cases were just dropping and they didn't take enough time to wait but immediately lift their own restriction and go out. 
supporter:I'm also sick of the repetition too. Everyday I go to work then go home and just get stuck there all nigh every day. However, we need to tell ourselves that this too shall pass 
seeker:But even when there were a lot of cases, there are some people on my floor that walked freely in and out many times in one day when it wasn't safe for anyone. And I didn't get that at all and that was when I was angry and anxious of their actions. 
seeker:Because that risked my safety too 
seeker:sorry to hear that you have similar repetitions. That's how it feels. Everyday is the same. And when I talk with my folks on the phone, I have nothing new to share except about the pandemic, because that's the only thing new, and I only call the once a week. 
seeker:But yes, I do believe that it will pass at some point. 
supporter:that's the right way of thinking. You're doing this not only for yourself but for everyone else
seeker:yeah that's why I told myself early on I am doing this for everyone and I couldn't compromise no matter what. Perhaps too stringent but that was my thinking. 
supporter:I try to stay away from the news or talking about covid, mostly because it's gonna be the same information and only depresses us even more
seeker:And it's better now and I am kind of used to this endless cycle. I used to feel even lonelier and claustrophobic. 
seeker:I see. Well I do hope and it does sound like you are adapting to this well so far and staying sane. So that's good
supporter:I don't think I am better than you but we have to try nonetheless
seeker:And what sucks even more is that my city is just beginning its second wave as of about two weeks ago.
seeker:So it's just starting to ramp up
seeker:Yes I agree. Just stay strong. And one thing I told myself is that years from now I can imagine myself in that future time and thinking back to a dark, bad year, and say and think to myself that I got through it and that there was an end to the dark tunnel.
seeker:And that there is an end to this.
supporter:it's the same for me, businesses are forced to tighten again which is grim. However, the only think we can do now is take 1 day at a time and hope for the best.
seeker:So that did help even though the future may be relatively far, I was vividly picturing that emotion of that time in the future. 
seeker:yeah good luck to you. And at least your city is deciding to close for the better. My city hasn't even made the call yet even though this is probably the optimal time to do so, early on in the spread where it's controllable. 
seeker:I am sure you will get through this great. We can do it. 
seeker:Actually talking to you now, I feel renewed hope.
seeker:just kind of summarizing my thoughts and feelings. 
supporter:I believe the same as long as we hang in there. Get help from your friends and family
seeker:So thank you for that and for listening and understanding.
seeker:Yes will continue to do that
supporter:It was nice talking to you too
seeker:social support is a very good thing
seeker:thanks, likewise. 
seeker:Good luck to you then and all the best. It will be ok

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello, how are you doing?
seeker:I am hanging in there as well as I can be
supporter:What's been going on?
seeker:I am worried about losing my job. The company I work for has had layoffs and is talking about it again in a few months. This makes me really nervous
supporter:It seems like that fear of losing your job has been taking a toll on you.
seeker:It has indeed. I chose an industry that was fairly stable and a company that hadn't done layoffs in a long time but COVID changed all of that.
supporter:Yeah, COVID is an unprecedented time where anything can happen.
supporter:It must be frustrating knowing the safe path was taken but even then jobs might be taken away for something out of your control.
seeker:Yes! Exactly and I cannot stand that. I love my routine and predicability.
supporter:I can relate to that. It's always nice when everything falls into place. The prospect of a sudden change stresses me out and I imagine you've been feeling the same way as well.
supporter:What's your fear if you lose your job?
seeker:Very much so. If I lose my job I can't pay my bills and keep a roof over my head. In a good economy it took me over 300 applications, 50 interviews, and over 6 months to find a job. 
supporter:I think even if you lose your job, you would still be able to obtain resources through unemployment or even a stay at home temporary job from an employment agency while you look for another one or for your company to return to normal.
seeker:I would hope so
supporter:I can definitely relate. I've submitted around that many applications if not more before I found my current job. But working as a temp at other companies has helped me provide for myself in the meantime. :)
supporter:You have every right to feel the way you do though. It's a scary time but know that things will be okay.
seeker:Right. It's just not something I want to go through again. I just got this job 18 months ago. That job hunting dread and feeling hasn't gone away.
supporter:I understand. It definitely is an agonizing process but you've gone through it before and have 18 months of experience under your belt from your current job which looks good on any resume. Despite the pandemic, I think this will help make things a lot easier for you.
seeker:For the record, you are doing a really really good job. I really appreciate your time and kind words. Thank you for empathizing and relating. I appreciate your assistance. I feel a lot better about this now :) 
supporter:You are very welcome. (: It's my pleasure to help in any way I can.
seeker:It is much appreciated!

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hi
supporter:What can I help you with today?
seeker:I've been feeling really sad lately. I think I have depression
supporter:Is there any reason that triggered  your sadness?
seeker:It's 2020 so there's been a lot going on, but I've been struggling with this before all of that. 2020 has made it much worse though
supporter:I am sorry you feel this way. Do you live with friends or family?
seeker:I live on my own... well at least as the only human. I have a dog 
supporter:That is great that you at least have your dog. They're great companion
seeker:She is amazing and my love and joy. On days I feel I cannot get out of bed and I don't have work, I get up for her
supporter:How about you hang out once a week with your friends and share your problem with them?
seeker:I wish. We haven't had the time recently to connect due to being so busy. Do you have any tips or ticks for things I can do by myself?
supporter:Of course. Now that covid is closing everything. You can use that time to take a course online for free. Or you can pursue your hobbies
seeker:Right. Online courses are fun
supporter:Have you tried seeking therapist?
seeker:I need to. I just haven't had the money to see one. They're expensive
supporter:I think there are quite a few hotline for free, obviously not as good as your personal one, however you can use that when you need to talk to an expert
seeker:Yeah... 
supporter:I understand how you feel, I also find myself more depressed this year than ever
seeker:2020 has not been fun to say the least. I am hoping 2021 is a much better year
seeker:Thank you for listening to me 
supporter:Me too, I have been trying to teach myself the "one day at a time" mindset to not being paranoid about the future

seeker:hi
supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:im good. getting tired. had a long day
seeker:hola?
supporter:It sounds like you worked really hard today. How are you taking care of yourself?
seeker:im good. just talked to my friend who is going in for heart surgery next week
supporter:That must be really hard. I'm glad that you were able to make time for your friend who is going through a difficult time.
seeker:thank ya. yeah it's important im there for him right now. he has to be nervous. they're going to open 4 or 5 valves. 
supporter:It sounds like you are handling the situation well, given the stressful circumstance. What are some things you are doing to cope with this difficult situation?
seeker:thank ya. nothing that much different. i told my sister about it. she seems understanding about it. 
supporter:It's wonderful that you have a support network that you trust and that you can talk with about this. I know that talking through things is really helpful for me too. Have you considered seeking professional help during this time?
seeker:nope. i feel that i get enough support from family. it might've been an option if I didn't have a strong support system
supporter:That's fantastic. Having family around during a tough season like this must be such a blessing. It's great that you can be there for your friend, almost as if they were part of your family, too.
seeker:yeah they feel like part of the family. i've known them since i was in college 20 years ago. we haven't always talked the whole time but....
supporter:20 years is a long time! It takes a lot of commitment to your friendship to not only keep in touch for that long, but also make the time to support them emotionally when it matters most. You are a loyal friend, and your friend is lucky to have you around!
seeker:thank ya. him and I are there for each other. We dated briefly at first but have been friends ever since. He said I was the one who got away. But he was the one who ended it lol
supporter:It sounds like you and him have had quite the history, but your friendship has proven to remain strong through thick and thin (20 years!). I can't imagine how stressful it must be to be for him to be waiting for surgery, and I'm sure it means the world to him that you are by his side. How has your friendship been in the midst of everything these days?
seeker:It's been good. We've been talking about Covid and the election too. I know I'd be nervous to go in for heart surgery.
supporter:That's great to hear. Both COVID and the election have certainly been stressful. What are some ways that you have been able to support each other?
seeker:just being there for each other as a listening ear
supporter:It's so easy to feel alone these days. Sometimes being present is all you can do, but it's the absolute best thing that you can do. Keep going, you're doing great!
seeker:thank ya! nity nite
supporter:You're welcome! Thank you for being a wonderful friend, the world needs more people like you. Take care of yourself :)
seeker:i appreciate your compliment. you too. have a good night. bye

seeker:Hi. I am looking for support for depression.  My fiance died four years ago today and I am very sad.
supporter:I am sorry to hear about your loss. How do you feel throughout the day?
seeker:Very sad.  I think about him often. 
supporter:It is sad indeed having a loved one past. Having time will help.
seeker:Yes but how much time?
supporter:Some takes weeks. Others take month or years. It's different for everyone. I know where you are coming from. I lost my husband a couple years ago and it took me awhile to move on as well.
seeker:I'm so sorry.  It is very hard, isn't it?  I know time is helping, but sometimes, like today, it's just overwhelming how much I miss him.
supporter:I think perhaps you could think of the wonderful times that you spent with your fiance, and cherish those feelings.
seeker:Yes, I do try.  Thank you.
seeker:May I ask what helped you move forward?
supporter:I thought of the good times that we spent together. What are some of your happy memories with your fiance?
seeker:Some of my favorites are playing games together or watching movies.  Curling up on the couch. He had kidney failure, so we didn't do much outside, but spent as much time together as we could. He used to call me his sunshiney baby doll.  Whenever I see sunflowers I think of him. 
seeker:But most of all, it was that he loved me.  He loved me for me ... he didn't want me to be anyone or anything else. That was a miracle.
supporter:That is so sweet. How are you feeling now with all these memories coming back to you?
seeker:actually i am feeling somewhat better.  still sad, but it's good to remember those things.  thank you.
seeker:i appreciate your time and understanding.  I hope you are able to remember your good times as well.
supporter:Other ways to cope is perhaps taking a new hobby. Do you have any new interest that you would like to try? I took up a cooking class a few months after my husband past away, and I really enjoyed it.
seeker:i've been trying to figure out a hobby ... but i haven't really found anything that appeals to me.  a cooking class sounds interesting though. i might learn how to do things in the kitchen without injuring myself. 
seeker:I tend to be clumsy at the best of times and have done things such as (most recently) dropping a scalding bowl of chili on my foot.  I tend to wait to do new things til the last injury heals.
supporter:I think you will do fine in the kitchen once you get the hang of it. What are some of your favorite food?
seeker:hmmm.  i love tacos.  and stews.  cheesecake.
seeker:i used to bake ... but i'm diabetic so that's probably not such a good idea any more.  and since we're working at home now i can't bake and take it into the office for people to enjoy
supporter:Yes, I enjoy tacos and cheesecake as well, especially from the Cheesecake Factory.
seeker:oh my yes, the Cheesecake Factory has amazing cheesecake.  
seeker:I am going to go now. Thank you very much for your support. It helps to have an "ear" ... just to be able to talk about it and be reminded that it's all going to be okay.  Plus, that there's cheesecake in the world, so it can't all be bad, right?
supporter:Okay, I'm glad you are feeling better. Enjoy the rest of your day and stay safe.

supporter:Hello there! How are you today?
seeker:Im okay
seeker:How do you want to do this?
supporter:Sure! Can you please tell me how can i help you today?
seeker:Ive been feeling like other people dont like me 
supporter:If I understand you correctly, do you assume people dislike you even if you can't tell for sure?
seeker:Yes, i automatically assume I'm valueless in the other persons eyes, no matter what they say or do to the contrary
supporter:It seems you are a bit low on self-confidence. I have been there too. If I may ask you, does this feeling persist all the time irrespective of the situation or it happens after any particular event - say a test or some outdoor game for example?
seeker:Yeah, I've been texting my friend and he doesn't reply to me for hours and it makes me feel like he isnt as enthusiastic about our friendship as i am which hurts
supporter:Right, the feeling of being ignored can be quite overwhelming. Have you tried speaking with your friend over phone or video call, assuming you have access to the technology?
seeker:We have decent phone conversations, I guess I'm just frustrated and sad about my worthiness, now that im typing it out it sounds not nearly as bad 
seeker:Thank you 
supporter:Great! You are worthy! Remember that always :)
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:Haha thank you
seeker:What do you think i should do when i feel this way next time
supporter:Good question! Don't let the feeling consume you. After all , you are dealing with another person who genuinely might be busy or held up with some important work.  
seeker:Thats true 
supporter:So, even if they don't respond, just think they are driving or working, and try to avoid thinking that you are being ignored.
seeker:I always assume since im not busy that they arent too
seeker:I guessits a little self involved
supporter:Yes, sometimes assumptions can lead to misunderstandings. Always talk it out when you get a chance.
supporter:It could be, but always bear in mind that there could be factors beyond your immediate control.

supporter:Hello, how are you doing?  How can I help you?
seeker:hello
seeker:i have constant anxiety about my future and job applications
supporter:I see you are having some anxieties about your future and job applications.  When did this start?
seeker:probably in the last 3 or so months
supporter:Did something happen at that time?
seeker:not exactly. I just have started researching programs and the application process that I will have to start soon and it has been overwhelming
supporter:That sounds like a challenge but you can be proud that you are working so hard.
seeker:thank you I really appreciate that
supporter:Do you have anyone who can help support you through the process?
seeker:my husband is supportive
seeker:he is more easy going than me
seeker:so he thinks I stress too much
supporter:It seems like your husband is very supportive but feels you stress a lot.  Is that right?
seeker:yes correct
supporter:It sounds like you are stressed about the situation and want to find a path forward.
seeker:yes I just feel insecure and that I will not get the job i want 
supporter:Have you thought about going to a job center to seek out help.  
seeker:its actually applying for a medical fellowship so it is a little different. 
supporter:Are there other people in your position that you can talk to or counselors to guide you and encourage you through the process?
seeker:yeah there are
supporter:Do you think they could help alleviate some of the stress?

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hello :) 
seeker:how are you 
supporter:I'm good. How can I help you?
seeker:Im feeling very scared regarding my schooling 
seeker:Im close to failing out and Im not sure what to do
supporter:So you are afraid you will fail your classes?
seeker:yeah
seeker:Im getting pretty close and I can't afford to fail my courses
supporter:Have you tried tutor service at school? They usually provide free of charge or very cheap
seeker:I've looked around and there arn't any good tutoring services for my field of study
seeker:I've tried reaching out for help but Im still doing poorly 
supporter:It must be frustrated for you. 
seeker:Yea im very frustrated at myself. I just can't seem to do well no matter how hard I try
supporter:How about talking to your professors about that you don't understand and how they can help?
seeker:Maybe. I haven't tried that yet
seeker:do you think they would help me?
supporter:don't be too harsh on yourself. We all struggle in life. As long as we find an appropriate solution, I believe you will get better
supporter:Of course, it's their job after all
seeker:Im trying not to be too hard on myself but it's really scary not knowing if i'll pass the next wave of exams
seeker:Ill try asking my profs thats a good idea, they can probably give me some good guidance
supporter:I feel you. it's scary when everyone seems to do fine but you struggle. However, others struggle silently too, they just like you don't tell anyone
seeker:I guess you're right 
supporter:If you hesitate to talk to the professors, try their teaching assistants. They tend to be more friendly
seeker:Ill reach out to them too
supporter:you can also ask your friends to form a study group
seeker:I think I will do that
seeker:im sure they have some of the same questions as I do :)
supporter:yes, and maybe you will understand parts that some of them don't
seeker:Yeah you're right
seeker:maybe I'm not as hopeless as I thought
supporter:of course, I also struggle all the time
seeker:yea we all struggle all the time
supporter:Anything else I can help you with?
seeker:No I feel a little better
seeker:thank you for your time :) 
supporter:no problem, I'm glad I could be some help

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi there! How are you doing today?
seeker:im doing ok just a bit sad
seeker:hbu
supporter:I am fine! Thanks for asking. May I know the reason you are sad, if you'd like to share?
seeker:Yeah I'm just sad that I havent been able to see my friends in a long time
seeker:I had a very stron social support group but ever since the lock down I havent really been able to see anyone
supporter:I understand exactly how you feel. My flight tickets were cancelled and my plans to visit my family and friends after 2 years went up in flames! But, this pandemic is never-seen-before event and certain restrictions are unavoidable and life saving.
seeker:Im sorry to hear that :(
seeker:yeah the virus has been putting a huge damper on everyone's mood
seeker:I just miss seeing my friends
supporter:All of us are in this together and if you tolerate short term inconveniences (lockdown, masking up, social distancing), long term benefits are multi fold. You want your friends to be around when all of this is over, am I right?
seeker:I hope they wil be
seeker:Yeah social distancing is a must I wouldnt want to get sick
supporter:Apologies, I didn't mean to make you sad further by sharing my own sob story! At the end of the day, these restrictions are what keeping me healthy
seeker:Do you have any advice?
supporter:That's great! I believe, in this age of technology and social media frenzy, you are not totally cut off from your friends.
seeker:Yeah thats true 
supporter:Yes, can you try organizing a virtual get together?
seeker:Its just hard to find time to interact with them
seeker:I should try that
supporter:Cool! There are lot of online games that have been invented after the lockdown came into effect. You can try searching them online and playing it with your friends
seeker:Yeah thats a great idea 
seeker:How do you keep in touch with your freinds?
supporter:We were missing our colleagues at workplace and we planned an online quiz + dumb charade and it was really enjoyable.
seeker:That sounds like a good time :)
seeker:I should try to organize something like that with my buddies too
supporter:At this point, only through video call. I am middle aged and even if I can travel and visit friends in person, I will NOT because I may be asymptomatic and possible infect my friends or worse their aged parents.
seeker:Oh yeah for sure. As much as I miss my friends I would never risk getting them or myself sick by visitng them
supporter:Sure! At the end of the day, health is wealth. Vaccines are already on their way and this too shall pass. So, hang in there :)
supporter:That's a great choice. Small steps we take now will ensure great benefits later.
seeker:Thanks :) 
seeker:Well said
seeker:Thank you for taking to time to chat with me I feel a bit better
seeker:Im going to try organizing a get together online maybe that'll help everyone
supporter:My pleasure. It was good chatting with you too. All the best for your online meetup. Have fun and stay safe :)

supporter:Hello, what can I help you?
seeker:I just need help deciding what to do.
supporter:What are you contemplating for?
seeker:I was doing okay in school, but when we had go virtual, I lost all my friends. 
seeker:I want to quit school and just go home. But my parents would not be happy. 
supporter:why do you think so?
seeker:I don't see anyone but my roommate and she has a boyfriend. I'm so lonely!
supporter:How about joining a club at school to know more people?
seeker:We are in a lockdown because of COVID. So the clubs are not doing anything. 
seeker:I know I'm not the only one feeling this way.
supporter:So you're stuck with your roommate but she doesn't care about you?
seeker:She's just busy with her boyfriend. They go out on hikes and stuff, but they just want to go by themselves. I'm just on my own all the time.
supporter:Everyone feels that, and it's totally normal. Don't be too harsh on yourself
seeker:Do you think I should quit school and start again next fall?
supporter:Why don't you do something on your own? Read a book, do some crafts?
supporter:I don't think you should do that. Who knows how next year's gonna look like? It might be even worse
seeker:I have. I've worked on my schoolwork, but it has been very easy. I also paint. But I need people. 
seeker:At home, I had all my friends around. Of course, we weren't in a pandemic then.
seeker:This pandemic is making everyone feel lonely I think.
supporter:How about doing video call with your friends at home?
seeker:I hadn't thought about that!  They are all at different schools, but maybe I can do a Zoom meeting for all of us.
supporter:I totally feel you, I feel stressed out and very uncertain throughout this pandemic. You are not alone
seeker:I guess my friends may be feeling stressed too. Maybe I'll try and start a Zoom party!  We could plan a time and wear pajamas and just sit and talk. 
supporter:Exactly, I do virtual happy hour with my friends every month
seeker:That sounds like fun!  
seeker:Why don't you do a virtual happy hour every week?
supporter:Not only that, when you feel lonely, text your friends and share it with them or your family
supporter:Oh I am too busy to do that once a week. All of us are actually
seeker:I have been afraid to tell my parents how I'm feeling. I don't want them to worry about me.
seeker:I want them to know I'm lonely, but not freak out about it :-)
supporter:I don't think so. Maybe they are waiting for you to say first and give you advice, they have more experience after all
seeker:That's true. And I do know my mom is working from home now and she's a really social person. It's probably getting to her too.
supporter:if that's the case, you can use this chance to be there for her. I think talking to your mom will help you both
seeker:Yes, I'll probably call her and my dad tonight. I'll let them know I'm a bit sad and lonely, but not so much that they worry. And then I'll start planning my virtual party with my friends!
supporter:Sounds like a great plan. I believe you can overcome this together
seeker:At least the party will give me something to look forward to!
supporter:Yes, right now I'm trying to teach myself one day at a time mindset
seeker:That seems like a smart thing to do. None of us can really do anything to make the pandemic go away. We just have to get through it one day at a time.  
seeker:Thank you for helping me come up with a plan!
supporter:That's the right mindset. I 'm glad I could be some help
seeker:Enjoy the rest of your night!
supporter:you too

seeker:Hello
supporter:Good evening ! How are you on this cold fall night
seeker:Not too good. I am owed a lot of money by my friends but they aren't paying me back blaming covid.
supporter:I can understand how stressful this could be for you! I would feel taken advantage of too 
supporter:Have you asked them when they thought they could pay you
supporter:Have you asked them when they thought they could pay you
supporter:sorry I am not sure why it typed twice
supporter:Have your friends ever borrowed money before?
seeker:Yes, as recently as yesterday, but they keep delaying. And as though rubbing salt to wound, I can see them spending on personal goods instead of returning the money to me.
supporter:I would be furious too! 
seeker:I am not sure if they have borrowed before, but sure as hell, they have not returning any loan I can tell.
seeker:*they are not
supporter:I just meant if they had borrowed in past and returned it than maybe they were telling the truth but since you saw them blowing money that s rightfully yours is a problem
supporter:Can you talk to a mutual friend of both of you or if you are close maybe their family ?
seeker:Absolutely. This has put me in a tight spot financially
seeker:I can try talking to their family but I am afraid I am not that close to their family
supporter:I understand and have been in your shoes and its NO FUN and they don't get to borrow ever again.  
supporter:Have you explained just how much of an issue it is to them and flat out tell them you saw them spending money on junk etc when they could have given to you . Something is better than nothing . Maybe work out a plan of 50 a week if they work?
seeker:May be I can try that, $50 a week or asking them to pay in instalments sounds like a good idea. Problem is I loaned hard cash and I need as cash, not digital transfers 
supporter:And depending on how much of a  friend they are you need to see if this is worth losing friendship over. I mean if you are great friends I d lay low and never let them borrow again. IF you only knew them a short while and felt sorry for them and lent them money than I D talk to parents or someone
seeker:I don't want to lose my friends, because they are the only people that helped me when I shifted to this city. But I don't like them taking undue advantage of me either.
supporter:Id be like I helped you when you needed xxx to do get buyxxx . Now its becoming an issue and I can't pay my bills.  I wanted to help you now can you please give me cash of xxx for xxx starting next friday. 
supporter:Yes friends are hard to come by and you certainly don't need anyone to ever take advantage of you.   But the other side is do you want this person to be your friend if you can't trust them and they are showing you no disrespect or attempt to pay you back?
seeker:It's a good plan. Due to lockdown restrictions, I am unable to travel places. May be if I show up at their doors, they'll pay me back. I am gonna see if talking to them and asking for small payments works first
supporter:Awesome!  Good luck! If that doesn't work we can chat again and try something else. Keep safe and Keep the faith .  Personally I would recommend praying if you believe as I do!!!
seeker:Yes, I do pray and it has worked in the past. Let me try to stay calm and follow your ideas. Thanks!
supporter:Ok . Good luck

seeker:Hi, how are you?
supporter:Hi, I am doing well thank you, how are you doing?
seeker:I'm okay, just a little stressed
supporter:is there anything specifically that is stressing you out the most right now?
seeker:I'm just having a hard time dealing with hurtful things people have said to me. I feel no self-worth.
supporter:that is really hard. Are you able to tell these people how their words are making you feel?
seeker:Are you there?
supporter:I am, did you not receive my last message?
supporter:are you there?
seeker:I did not receive it, I'm sorry
supporter:I said: that is really hard. Do you feel comfortable telling these people how their words hurt you?
seeker:I can't unfortunately. No one involved in the case may speak to each other.
supporter:it sounds like you are really stressed out about the situation and are overwhelmed with how to figure out a path forward.
seeker:Yes, it has been difficult and I feel very alone.
seeker:Thank you for listening
supporter:just from chatting with you I can feel how anxious you are, but i think you are doing you're best and continuing to try hard!
supporter:I am happy to help and be a shoulder to lean on
seeker:Thank you!
supporter:you're welcome!
seeker:I hope you have a great rest of your day :)
supporter:You as well, keep up the great work!
seeker:Thank you, that's very encouraging
supporter:I am happy to help

supporter:Hello
seeker:Good evening!
supporter:What's your problem?
seeker:I am having anger issues and thinking nasty thoughts toward my husband
supporter:Is this because of something he does or you are experiencing angry issue with everything?
seeker:Mostly because of how he treats me lately
seeker:He makes disrespectful comments.... Are you female or male
supporter:So from what I understand, you think your anger is because of your husband's fault. Have you talked to him about his behavior?
supporter:I am female
seeker:No it wouldn't do any good I am afraid. Whenever I try to stand up for myself he says Oh here we go again Poor you etc
seeker:Like just tonight I mopped floor and he came up and said What are you sick ?  Youre actually cleaning.  
seeker:Than I said yes I was actually on my hands and knees last week when I mopped and he
seeker:said well get used to being on your knees
seeker:and touched himself
supporter:That's gross. I can't believe he said all those things to you. I'm sorry you have to hear those words from your husband.
seeker:He's always saying stuff like that and constantly trying to refer to lets just say going down
supporter:You need to stand up for yourself. I know it's difficult and as you said, won't even do any good. However, if you keep your silence, he'd think it's okay to treat you that way because he has power over you
seeker: I know even my good friends that know me and everything that is said agrees with you
supporter:I'd advise you to disclose this to a family member and have them with you (on the phone) when he starts talking like that
supporter:that way the other person can call him off
seeker:My mom already knows and his parents are dead and he has no relations with any other family.  
seeker:HE wont listen He knows everything and its HIs way or else
seeker:He is very controlling
supporter:if you want, you can talk to him one last time and let him know it's enough. I fhe doesn't change, you will cut off with him
supporter:You have to stand up for you self first before expecting him to do that
seeker:Thats true and its time for a change. Thank you so much . I do feel better
supporter:If he intimidates you, you should practice what to say and then do the talk in public or when someone else is around
supporter:I believe you can do it
seeker:Thank you . Its sounds like you know what you are talking about. Ill try it
supporter:I hope you at least will be able to settle with your husband
seeker:Well I can try and pray it does
seeker:I need to get my boys ready for bed as it is a school night. thanks again
supporter:Have you ever threatened to leave him?
seeker:yes i have years ago
seeker:and he threatened to take boys 
supporter:Then you should do it for real this time and see if he changes. 
seeker:and he would prove I am an unfit mom
supporter:The mom always has an upper hand in these issues
seeker:but he has photos of dirty house and that I was dignosed with major clinical depression
supporter:You should also have photos of clean house to prove against him
seeker:I do
supporter:as for depression, as long as you have proof youre seeking treatment, you should be fine
seeker:I used to but he wont let me get treatment
seeker:He doesnt believe in therapy for me him familly etc
supporter:do it secretly, behind his back
seeker:there is no way I can
seeker:he tracks everything 
supporter:it all comes down to you have to let him see that you can stand on your own. He's treating you like this because he thinks he can control you
seeker:ok I need to go take care keep safe
supporter:hope you will be fine

supporter:Hi there
seeker:Hey there
seeker:hows it going
supporter:Doing well thanks and yourself?
seeker:Im alright, just feeling a bit under the weather
supporter:What's going on?
seeker:Im just sad that I havent been able to see any of my friends since march
supporter:Oh I definitely know the feeling of not hanging out with friends.  This has really been a bad year!
supporter:Do you ever Zoom with your friends?
seeker:No not really
seeker:I havent had a lot of time recently because of my studies :(
seeker:I message them once in awhile om facebook but we havent chatted much
supporter:Messaging on Facebook isn't quite as fun as hanging out in person.  I use Zoom to meetup with family and friends.  I had never heard of it until this pandemic hit.
seeker:Yeah i havent heard of it either before covid
seeker:I use it sometimes for class but never for chatting with friends
seeker:I just wish we could hang out again you know?
supporter:I most certainly do know!  I just think to myself daily that this vaccine is going to get things back to normal.  Hang on, we're almost there.  In the meantime I suggest Zoom.  It really does make things somewhat less isolating.
seeker:Thank goodness the vaccine is being developed
supporter:We're almost there!
seeker:Yeah i guess ill give zoom a try
seeker:do you and your friends do anything on zoom or just chat?
supporter:And if you have an iphone facetime some folks.  Zoom and Facetime are my friends now.  lol I almost daily at least Facetime my best friend. Especially in the evenings.
seeker:Yeah I think ill try that
seeker:Chatting with my friends and seeing them (online) will hopefully make me feel better
seeker:thanks :) 
supporter:I would try it.  Also Meetup is doing virtual meetings.  
supporter:You're welcome!  We have to look out for one another!
seeker:Ill give them a shot :) 
seeker:thanks for your time
seeker:have  a good day
supporter:Sounds good! You're more than welcome.  You do the same

supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:okay right now
supporter:I'm glad to hear that. Is there anything in particular you wanted to discuss?
seeker:i am 66, my immediate family is dead, no kids, in touch only with a cousin who is a very troubled person, sometimes her depression spreads to mine, limited friends, COVID makes conditons more sad
supporter:That definitely sounds like a rough situation and I'm sorry to hear about it, though I'm glad you decided to reach out. 
seeker:i unloaded a lot on you but current situations do not feel good
supporter:That's what I'm here for. I want to support you in any way I can, especially given your situation. Did you want to talk just to talk? Or we can discuss a way to work through what you might be dealing with mentally? It also sounds like keeping in touch with your cousin isn't helping in any way, so maybe we can talk about how to handle that? I am entirely at your disposal.
seeker:she is my age, in a homeless women's, very bad living conditions, she is a mental health client but treatment team seem so to feel that as long as they keep her medicated, their job is done.  she has a dx of bipolar and probably has borderline personality.  her background is similiar to mine,  i cannot abandon her as her other family has done.
supporter:That's definitely difficult and it's easy to see why it wears on you so much. As much as you don't want to abandon her, it's important to remember to take care of yourself too. It's like when you're on a plane and the safety pamphlet tells you to put on your own oxygen mask before helping others with theirs. You might not be able to help your cousin as much as you want to if you are suffering too much. Are there any mental health resources you've tried for yourself other than reaching out here?
seeker:on antidepressant meds, COVID makes it hard to keep in touch with provider, your comparison about the oxygen mask is a good one.  
supporter:I see, it certainly doesn't help that it's difficult to keep in touch with your provider.
supporter:I have a website that contains a list of support groups provided by NAMI. Would you be interested in it? Many of the support groups are offered multiple times a week online, so you wouldn't even have to leave your home.
seeker:a possible path to look into. thanks
supporter:Of course, here's the link: namimainlinepa.org/online-and-telephone-support-groups/ 
seeker:thanks. may be a good time to close on a positive note.  like suggestions
supporter:Sounds good. Was there anything else you wanted to discuss?
seeker:not right now but thanks for your concern
supporter:Alright. You're welcome, it's what I'm here for. I hope you have a good rest of your day!

seeker:Hi there
supporter:Hello :)
seeker:This is a tough one. since starting a new job and being around really smart people and feeling that I can't really measure up anymore. I'm finding this really tough, I'm good at my job I'm very committed but I just don't seem to get the same results as others?
supporter:So it sounds like you feel like you don't measure up to your co-works because they are getting different results than you? 
seeker:that is certainly part of it however I also feel like they have more experience than me so maybe I'm just putting too much pressure on myself?
supporter:I would completely agree with that statement you are much newer than your co-workers. I believe you that you are very committed to your job. I am sure that with time you will get the same results as them if not better!
supporter:Are there any co-workers you feel close to or see a friendship developing with?
seeker:that's nice of you to say but I also don't feel as organised. I suppose that's to be understood in a new job scenario. 
seeker:Yes there are a few really nice co-workers
supporter:Of course! With time you will get the hang of it. Well thats good to hear! Maybe you could ask one of them to coffee and express how you are feeling. I would bet that they felt the same when they started. 
seeker:I think what I do is so complicated I sometimes wonder if I've been off more than I can chew. is this something you can relate to?
supporter:That certainly is something I can relate. There was a period of time in school where i signed up for way too many classes and had to drop out of a few. If you feel like you are in over your head it is ok to take a step back. It is important that you take care of your self and know your limits. :)
seeker:I suppose it's difficult to know when something is too much for you or if you need to give it more time. 
supporter:I would say if you are showing signs for several weeks of being overwhelmed (tired, stressed, snappy etc.) That is probably is too much
seeker:Thankshe problem is I've worked really hard to get a better position and if I wasn't successful and feel like a failure. maybe I should look at it like this job just isn't for me if, like you say, I can't seem to get on after several weeks.
supporter:I would say thats the right option if this persists. I am sure there are other jobs that would fit you well!
seeker:Yes I suppose that is true actually. Just because I'm not good at this job, doesn't mean I wouldn't be great others. I suppose it's best to give it a go and see at least then you can say you tried. have you ever put too much pressure on yourself?
supporter:Yes i have and it did not end well I burned out and couldn't do my job at all. 
seeker:Ah, so you have suffered with a similar situation. it is comforting to know the others face similar challenges and it's not just me
supporter:Of course you are not alone!
seeker:I think I'll give this a good few weeks and ask myself how I think I'm doing then go from there.
seeker:Thanks for the chat and your suggestions.
supporter:I think that is a great idea I wish you luck! Remember no matter what you will find somewhere you belong!
seeker:Thank you!

seeker:Hi
supporter:hello, how are you?
seeker:Honestly I'm not doing too great
seeker:hbu
supporter:I'm doing ok, Is there anything you would like to chat about?
seeker:Yeah my long time partner cheated on me recently and I just found out 
seeker:I havent been able to see them in awhile because of lock down and now they tell me this :( 
supporter:That is horrible I am so sorry they done that to you
seeker:thanks
seeker:its just been such a hard couple of months because of the virus
seeker:And now with this I just dont know what to do
supporter:I have been cheated on in the past and it always messes with your mind just know it is nothing to do with you it is all them, yes this virus is horrible on everyone it took us all by surprise at how bad it is
seeker:Yeah its an awful feeling and I just feel really sad
supporter:I know it's heartbreaking, have you reached out to a friend or family member sometimes opening up to someone close is the best way to let every feeling out
seeker:I haven't spoken to anyone yet I dont want to bother anyone
supporter:don't ever think you are a bother to anyone. You are loved by those close to you and I am sure they would be great comfort during this.
seeker:Yeah I guess I should talk to someone about it
seeker:what else do you think I should do?
supporter:When I got cheated on by my ex, I took time to build my self confidence up, build my happiness up, I wrote a letter telling him how it hurt and every feeling and then I ripped it up and threw it away it felt good getting my feelings out. it might help you to.
seeker:Yeah maybe I should try that
seeker:What else do you think would help?
supporter:letting them go is the major one you don't ever want to be with someone who cheats on you if they do it once and you forgive them they 9 times out of 10 will do it again
seeker:Yeah I definitely will not be going back to them
seeker:They've hurt me too much and I wont be able to trust them again
supporter:exactly and once they break your trust it can't ever be fully repaired again you will always have that doubt in your mind about them
seeker:yeah
seeker:thanks for sharing your experience with me 
seeker:I feel a little better now :) 
supporter:you are very welcome I hope everything gets better for you. And that once your heart is healed you find someone who truly loves you and doesn't do that to you.
supporter:you are very welcome I hope everything gets better for you. And that once your heart is healed you find someone who truly loves you and doesn't do that to you.
seeker:Thank you :) 
seeker:Thank you for spending the time to chat with me I hope you have a great day
supporter:Anytime, I hope you have a great day as well

seeker:Hi there
supporter:Hello.  How's it going?
seeker:I've not been doing great to be honest. I'm finding it hard to stay positive with all these constant lockdowns and restrictions
supporter:I can agree.  There are so many places going back to where we were several months ago.  Which state do you live in?
seeker:I'm actually from the UK. I live in the North of the country near Manchester and things are bad here right now.
supporter:I agree it's bad!  Where I live in the US our numbers are going back up and the kids are being home schooled again.  I just keep thinking this is temporary!  
seeker:Yes I suppose it does help to think it possible not for the long term but my friends seem to be dealing with it better than I am and I'm not quite sure why it's put me in such a sad emotional state. I should just get on with it but have very low motivation
supporter:I have to say it's hard to find motivation and I was in that spot at the beginning.  With news of vaccines being introduced here shortly, that's what's keeping me afloat.  Are you able to hang out with friends?
seeker:no not really because I'm not supposed to mix with people outside of my household. I could potentially try and meet them virtually online or on a video call is this something you've had much experience with?
supporter:Oh very much so!  Zoom and Facetime are my best friends right now.  lol I think that's one of the reasons why I snapped out of my depression is because I started doing that more since we couldn't go out and do anything.
seeker:Ok that's interesting so you have also suffered with depression in the past? exactly how did you get out of it yourself?
supporter:I downloaded Zoom around the end of May.  The first two months were the worst. I had never heard of Zoom until a friend said we should have a virtual party so he organized it and there were 11 on the call.  It was so much fun despite the fact.
supporter:Maybe organizing a "zoom party" would start to lift your spirits.
seeker:that's a really good suggestion. I could also catch up with friends that haven't seen for a while. I think this would definitely work to boost my mood. The only problem is being depressed isn't something that I'm familiar with. what if it goes a little bit deeper than this?
supporter:Depression sucks I have to say!  Just don't let it win.  Since you say it's something you have never dealt with, you can fight it by staying upbeat and do something fun.
seeker:Sure, or something conversations like this help perhaps a support group would be a good idea also? 
supporter:Start off by not being hard on yourself for feeling the way you do.  Music, tv and books does it for me - and zoom
supporter:Most definitely.  Do you have Meetup over there?
seeker:I've never heard of this, what is it?
supporter:It's an app on mobile devices where you can (when there's no pandemic) meet up with folks who share common interests as yourself.  Nowadays instead of meeting in person, they are doing virtual meetups.  I do it with a book club.
seeker:I think something to take my mind off the current situation would be really good. I like the idea of a virtual book club. is it free?
supporter:Totally free!
seeker:I like the sound of that, thanks for your help
supporter:You are so welcome.  Just don't let that depression get the best of you.  You're stronger than it is.
seeker:thank you for the vote of confidence.
supporter:Very welcome!

supporter:hello how are you today?
seeker:Hi there. I'm OK but have had a difficult time at work recently
supporter:i am sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about it?
seeker:Yes I have been given what I can only describe as ridiculous feedback by my manager and it had annoyed me greatly. I'm thinking about complaining about it.
supporter:It is always hard to hear any bad feedback, do you feel that you could speak with your manager about it and try to resolve the feelings?
seeker:I could do but this seems to be something that she has an issue with and I wouldn't want it to damage our working relationship. She basically said she doesn't like the way I sit in meetings and smile when I'm thinking about something?
supporter:Could you possibly go to her and tell her that you have heard the feed back and you are sorry to hear that it bothers her that you did not realize it and it is something you will work on becoming more aware of.
supporter:You seem like such a nice person i am sure if you approached it the right way you would not cause any damage.
seeker:I'm thinking perhaps I should go to a different manager and voice these concerns. I don't see how I sit in meetings or how I smile when I'm thinking to be constructive work based feedback it's really frustrating it's clear this person just doesn't like me
supporter:Going to another manager may be a great idea! Maybe the manager could address the issue with her and help her to realize there is nothing wrong with a having happy employee like yourself.
seeker:yeah that's true I mean I'm almost thinking this manager needs to be retrained because this video isn't work related is really quite petty an actually makes me consider not working for her in future. The only problem is I need my job I need a steady income but this person just seems to have it out for me.
supporter:Yes i can see where that would be a problem.
seeker:perhaps I'm just making too much of a big deal about this. how would you react if someone gave you similar feedback in work?
supporter:Do you think you could speak to this other manager about possibly transferring positions so you are not working under your current manager?
seeker:I haven't actually thought about that as a solution but that might work actually. I think maybe I'm overthinking this but I've taken it very personally. 
supporter:Well you have a right to feel how you do, everyone takes things differently. It would bother me but i would proably try to get to know her better to see why she has such a problem with others being happy, maybe she has some problems going on in her life and has no one to share these problems with if she is not happy it may come as a struggle to see others happy all the time.
seeker:I think that's an interesting perspective. she might have issues herself and be taking them out on members of her team in work which is quite sad really. Do you think I should just be blunt and ask her the question?
supporter:I would let her know nicely that some things she said has been hurtful and ask if there is anything on her mind that she would like to chat about that you would be glad to talk with her.
seeker:so be supportive but also make it clear that what she has said has had an impact on me?
supporter:Yes you are such a positive person that i think you being supportive will help open up communication, and yes you should make it known that she has said something that has affected you personally and in addressing it may help her not treat others that way in the future.
seeker:ok great I'll definitely try that and try and put this advice into practice
supporter:In the mean time try to not take it personally you really seem like a nice person so i dont think she meant to cause you any harm.
seeker:yeah maybe I should stop being too serious, I'm trying to see the funny side of it. Thanks again!

seeker:Hello :) 
supporter:Hello how are you doing today?
seeker:I'm doing well how bout yourself?
supporter:I am also doing well, thank you for asking! :) What did you come here to talk about?
seeker:I've just been feeling down about school the last couple of months.
seeker:I havent been doing as well since covid 
seeker:and I'm kind of upset at my self for it
supporter:Oh I see. Yeah these times right now are really difficult to feel motivated and get things done, especially when a lot of school is online
seeker:Yeah the online schooling is tough for me
seeker:I cant seem to be motivated and I really miss seeing all my buddies at school
seeker:I haven't seen anyone in person other than my family since march :( 
supporter:I get that 100%. It's also been really hard on me to not be able to see the people I'm close too. I don't live with family anymore, so I haven't seen my family for months either. So I understand where you are coming from.
supporter:But you shouldn't feel upset at yourself for how you are feeling. It is completely normal, and I'm sure all your friends are feeling the same way! I have a few things I would like to share with you about how I have been getting through it. Maybe it will help you out :)
seeker:the virus has been hard on everyone hasnt it 
seeker:sure thing :) share 
supporter:Usually I find myself just cooped up inside my room doing the same routine over and over again. That can put us into depressive, unmotivated moods. The thing that started helping me the most, was changing that routine even a little bit. If I feel unmotivated, I like to change my surroundings! Usually for me, that means moving to the living room, or to the back porch. As silly as that sounds, it really helps to switch up where you are trying to get things done.
supporter:It's also really helpful to try and do new things if you are feeling unmotivated. Obviously that is difficult right now, but there are definitely things you can try! Like going on walks outside, or trying new little hobbies. I personally have tried out drawing and typing to help distract me when I am feeling overwhelmed
seeker:You bring up a good point about changing environment
seeker:I feel like everyday is the same day samething over and over that might be why I'm feeling so down. Plus i work in the basement so I dont get much sunlight
seeker:Maybe I'll try moving to the living room :)
seeker:I've picked up a couple hobbies and they definitely help keep me busy but with school and all I find I dont have a lot of time for them 
supporter:Oh yeah that probably is taking a bit toll on you working in the basement. I definitely suggest moving to the living room every now and then just to feel that small change. :)
supporter:You could also plan out your days if it would help! Try and find time for the things that will bring you joy, whether that involves waking up earlier, or moving some routine things around
seeker:Yeah maybe I should do that 
supporter:And I can tell you really do miss your friends, so it's super important to make time to talk to them too!
seeker:gotta switch things up
seeker:Yeah I should chat with my friends more too 
seeker:Its hard to fine time but I should try
supporter:It is definitely hard, but it's important for your mental health to keep the people you love close to you :)
seeker:very very true especially in these difficult times
seeker:Im hoping they get the vaccine developed asap 
seeker:and everythiung can go back to normal
supporter:Yes exactly. And yeah that will be so nice when we are finally able to leave again and feel normal. But unfortunately we can't wait around for that since it's so up in the air recently. So I'm glad that you are wanting to change little things in your life to keep you happy until then
seeker:Yeah thank you for your advice ill try implementing them in my life more
seeker:I feel much better now :) thank you for your time
supporter:Of course! I had a good time chatting with you! Thank you as well :)

seeker:Hello
seeker:Are you there?
supporter:goodness  i am so sorry! my browser did not make a noise.
supporter:how are you doing? sorry i kept you waiting!
seeker:That is okay! I'm glad you're here
supporter:Awww, thanks. How are things going in your world today?
seeker:I'm doing alright I suppose, just trying to do a few mturk tasks to feel like I'm accomplishing something. Waiting to hear back from unemployment and not hearing back from any job applications makes it hard to ever really relax
supporter:Ah, i hear you. The lack of response makes it really easy for me to make up stories in my head and fear the worst.
seeker:I've never done any computer based jobs before, I did live audio and carpentry before this, so I just feel like I don't qualify for anything, but I'm immune compromised so until this is over i don't know what other work I can safely do besides for something from my computer....
seeker:I just feel so terribly stuck
supporter:I'm sorry. I know the feeling of not knowing where I fit in. Its a whole world shift, too.
seeker:I haven't received any financial assistance from the government yet, I've been living off of loans from friends and what little of my art I've been able to sell. It's stressful. I just want my life back.
seeker:I felt like I was on a really good career path at the first of the year, and now I just don't even know what o do
supporter:That scattered feeling....trying to put the pieces back together....I've walked the same road this year. Would you be willing to mourn for what you had before? To let it go?
seeker:I don't want to. If there is a vaccine in the first quarter of 2021 then the company I worked for before this will be able to go back to business, and I've been assured my old job back. 
seeker:I'm just in limbo right now, figuring out how to survive until then and keep from going crazy
supporter:you have determination! There is fire within! Tell me, what brings you joy?
seeker:Music (that's why I was in the music industry before this haha) and art. I paint and do woodburning. I also love my cats, they spark a lot of joy.
seeker:Thank you for chatting with me, and helping me earn the maximum bonus for this task! I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day! Good luck in your own endeavors. 
supporter:but of course! it was a pleasure to connect. keep chasing joy daily!
seeker:oh, I think you need a couple more inputs on your end to finish
supporter:oh good, well i got inputs to put!
seeker:Perhaps you could tell me what brings you joy?
supporter:YES! for one, this mturk task is AMAZING  to me. Connection has been a huge boon for me this year. I thrive on helping others realize their strengths.
seeker:I'm glad you're enjoying it, I like this task too.
supporter:between that and creation, i love to express myself. art, movement, building something.....its all just me expressing myself, getting my head into the world
seeker:That is beautiful! Keep it up!
supporter:whenever i can :)

supporter:Hello how are you doing today?
seeker:Im not doing very good 
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that, but I would love to help. What is going on?
seeker:My boyfriend broke up with me because we kept fighting and now I have no money and no place to stay 
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. breakups are definitely hard to go through, especially in the times we are in right now. 
supporter:How long were you guys together? And you were living together?
seeker:We were together for almost 5 years and we were living together he had all the money in his name and I have nothing now 
supporter:Oh I see that was a very long relationship! I actually just got out of a 3 1/2 year one myself, so I understand how hard it is. Are you still currently staying with him until you find your own place? Or are you staying somewhere else?
seeker:I am currently trying to find a way to get to my mom who lives about 150 miles away. Im staying with my friend for now but she said I can only stay for 2 more days
seeker:Yeah break ups are the worst 
supporter:I'm glad to hear that you are with a friend right now during this hard time, and that you have a place to go! But I see the struggle is finding a way to get there. 
seeker:Yeah she is a good friend im happy that I can stay with her for the time being its just stressful trying to get to my mom 
supporter:If you are struggling on finding a way back to your moms house, it might be a good idea to loan or borrow some money from either friends or family, or open a credit card just for the time being. Then once you get back to your mom's, you can start focusing on yourself and get yourself back on your feet! IT's important to not overwhelm yourself right now, so focus on one thing at a time
seeker:Yeah I definitely agree. I am waiting to hear back from capitalone about getting approved for a credit card and my friend said she can loan me 70$ but the bus ticket to my mom is 150$ so I'm almost to my goal I'm working on it though.
seeker:It does make me feel better to talk about it though and lay it all out it makes it easier to figure my stuff out
supporter:That is great to hear! I know that you are probably also hurting from the breakup itself too, but I'm glad to hear that you are focusing on getting yourself to a safe place first. It's going to take a long time to fully heal again, but as long as you make sure you are stable, you will be able to get through this
supporter:It also sounds like you know what you need to do, and you aren't letting yourself forget what is important. That is wonderful
seeker:Yeah thanks I appreciate that. I feel a lot better I hope you have an awesome day!
seeker:I do understand what I need to do for sure 
seeker:It was just overwhelming thinking about everything and talking it and listing it out makes me feel better for sure
supporter:Yeah that's great. I have confidence that you will get over this bump in your life, and good things will come to you. Keep focusing on what you need to do! You are doing great! 

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi there! How may I support you today?
seeker:im just feeling anxious about my job future. A lot of my colleagues are having trouble getting their licenses because of covid
seeker:which means we wont be able to work
supporter:That must be hard. COVID has really turned our world upside down! What type of occupation are you in?
seeker:I'm studying to be a pharmacist
seeker:Really scared of getting sick too since I have to work in hosptials and such
supporter:That's great! It is because of front-line workers and people like you that we are at least able to put a fight against the pandemic! My hat tip to you for choosing your line of profession.
supporter:Major pharma companies have already announced vaccines and they have a success rate of more than 90 -95%. So my friend, this too shall pass. 
seeker:Yeah  I've been reading those research articles recently they look promising
seeker:I'm hoping the vaccines get developed early next year and everything can go back to normal 
supporter:I feel the same way too! Modern technology is indistinguishable from magic! 
supporter:So hang in there, with the US election results and the vaccine announcement, things will surely get better. 
seeker:Yeah it's looking like things will improve
supporter:If you are in North America, the pandemic rate will go high due to combination with flu season, but at the end of the day, we will develop herd immunity.
seeker:Yeah not looking forward to flu season
seeker:I wish people would just stop throwing parties and getting everyone sick
supporter:Well, nobody is, my friend! But it's part of life. And ya, morons will exist all over the world.
supporter:Since you are young, even if you contract, you will recover pretty easily. But, God forbid, if you do, please practice social distancing and stay home!
seeker::( yeah they do don't they
seeker:Yeah i'll definitely keep my self isolated if im sick
seeker:im worried about all my  friends too because all of us will be out working in hospitals soon 
supporter:I hope you don't get sick. Just follow what your supervisors advise you to and apply your own knowledge into practice. I am sure it will work out great for you and your friends!
supporter:Friends make life worth living and I am sure you all will do great. Good luck!
seeker:thanks :) 
seeker:I'll try to take care of my self hopefully I end up helping a person or two
supporter:That's the spirit! 
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with today?
seeker:No I think this has been a very productive conversation thank you for your time :) 
supporter:Sure! Take care :)
seeker:you as well

supporter:Hey, how are you doing?
seeker:Not the best, but I'm surviving.
seeker:hello?
supporter:By surviving, it is more of a personal situation or an outside dilemma affecting you.
supporter:is it*
seeker:I just haven't been able to find any work. I guess that is an outside dilemma, but being this behind on bills and feeling this helpless to change my situation has negatively impacted my mood.
supporter:I see what you mean. Finding work in this environment can be stressful as well. In any case, I can say that a good way to start is to account for all transactions you make.
seeker:I have already been budgeting extensively, the issue is I can't make enough to cover my basic expenses, no matter how much I cut them
supporter:Are you also pressed for time? Time management can be a predicament as well.
seeker:I have lots of free time, just waiting for unemployment to respond to my claims, applying for jobs online, and trying services like mturk to earn what I can from home in the meantime. 
seeker:I spend a good portion of my day trying to apply for everything I can and fixating on mturk tasks to make me feel like I'm accomplishing something
supporter:Wow, it's slightly uncanny the way our situations are similar. For someone who is also not in the best place financially and just making the bare minimum, it can feel hopeless sometimes.
supporter:I know you are feeling stressed at the moment, but I've realized focusing on the long term helps ease the pressure of current stressors.
seeker:I get to a point in my day where it feels like I've done everything I can for that day, and then I just have to try not to get too stir crazy.
supporter:I feel that if you can focus on using your extra time as an investment into yourself (whether by reading, picking up a hobby, or working out), you can feel more accomplished and at ease with what you are doing in life.
seeker:I've been trying to look ahead, but this year has already set me back so much from my intended career path that it's frustrating. I just want my life back.
seeker:That is good advice. I have been doing a lot more art during this time.
supporter:Being progressive is difficult, but is one of the things in life which compound very easily. I believe many aspects in life are connected and that improving in some parts improves you as a whole
seeker:Some days it's tempting to just do nothing and wait for it all to be over, but I feel better when I accomplish something for the day
supporter:And if these "improvements" can also make you money/increase your worth/ease your mind, then that can be called a success. In my opinion atleast. 
seeker:I wish someone was interested in buying my art! That would be a huge confidence boost
supporter:Yeah, but imagine how it would if you had days like that knowing it isn't a bad thing to relax. You have already put in the work in being comfortable before, allowing to enjoy your time however way you wanted.
supporter:Looks like you already have an interest which can help you in many ways in life. That's really good.
seeker:yes, I miss being able to actually relax. When you are financially behind it feels like everything is just making it worse.
seeker:thank you for chatting with me and helping me earn the bonus for this task!
supporter:Yes, the tension and pressure only seems to mount on, but there will always be things like that in life. It is important to remember whether such problems are in your control or not. If they are, you know for sure that you can change how you are presently.
supporter:No problem, this is a very interesting experience for me too.

supporter:hello!!
seeker:I am very depressed. I found out that my girlfriend is cheating on me with my friend!
supporter:that's really bad 
supporter:even I was also in the same situation
seeker:I have been with her for close to 2 years and now she has been cheating me right under my nose for the past few months! how foolish of me to blindly trust her...
seeker:How did you deal with it?
supporter:To be honest i was not completely came out it since it was 3 years but now i somehow getting better i tried to divert myself from the thoughts engage myself with other friends spend more time with my family like that
supporter:try to divert yourself, keep yourself busy, spend more time with family, try to minimize the usage of mobile 
seeker:But my family is away from me in another country. I can't even go back due to this stupid covid! I feel betrayed and like dying.
supporter:yeah I could understand your feelings right now
seeker:I actually broke my phone in anger and damaged her credit card
seeker:I feel like slapping both of them so hard that they forget where they came from! but I can't do anything . I am helpless
supporter: yeah its really hard to handle this state of mind but we need to 
seeker:Why are girls like this?
supporter:I don't know but some girls were playing with a guys intense feelings.
seeker:I know, right! Should I move on or should I take revenge?
supporter:I think the best way is to move on
seeker:I feel like giving it back to her though! but I may get into trouble ...
seeker:ya you are right! She is going downhill anyway. my friend just got fired and I actually got a much better job!
supporter:make her feel like without her your life will be better
seeker:That's what I will do. I will live better in front of her and my back stabbing friend
supporter:revenge her with your success and positive attitude in front of she you need to much more happy 
seeker:Sure! You got it mate :)
seeker:thanks for the support. Got a job and life in front of me. Bye now.
supporter:that's great!! happy beginning of new life

seeker:Hi, I have been feeling a bit down lately. My levels of stress and concern have been higher since the pandemic began. 
supporter:Sorry you have been feeling down. What are some strategies you have tried to help you cope?
seeker:Well, I have tried to get my mind off of it by activities at home. Spending time with my family. 
supporter:Those sound like positive ways of handling stress. It is natural of course to feel stressed out by the pandemic so it can be useful to think of ways to help manage that stress.
seeker:Yes, but I still seem to struggle with feeling a bit more down than I'd like. Not sure what to do.
supporter:Have you tried meditation and/or deep breathing exercises? I know I find that helpful when I am worrying.
seeker:I have tried meditation before, but quite a bit back. Do you have any activities you could recommend, without risking my health? Maybe in my own home, so that I can social distance. 
supporter:One exercise I find helpful is lying on my back with a pillow under my head. I keep my legs bent and put a pillow under my knees for support. I then put one hand on my chest and one on my diaphram and slowly breathe through my nose feeling my stomach press against my hand. I then exhale slowly through my nose and repeat for about 10 minutes. It can be very calming.
seeker:Okay, I will give that a try. I don't feel I'm at a level that I need therapy or medication, so this might be a good way to calm my nerves when I am feeling apprehensive or stressed out. 
supporter:Good, I hope that helps. I would also trying to reach out to others who are experiencing the same. It is harder nowadays with covid but there are many online groups. You could even start your own group!
seeker:Yes, I do find that there are times when I am on a social media outlet that it does seem to make me feel better. I can feel humor. But, it can be a bit depressing too. Maybe I should block the ones that have mostly negative posts?
supporter:I hear you on that. Sometimes social media can also be negative. I think that blocking negative posts is a great idea. It is a way of taking control
seeker:I wished I had some more ideas on some fun, interesting or things to fill my time at home. I often feel I get in a bit of a rut with the same thing. Since we are home more now.
supporter:Are there any hobbies that you have been interested in but never had the time for? Or perhaps hobbies that you used to do but have not tried in awhile?
seeker:Well, I used to read quite a bit more, but I have slowed down on it. Maybe I should go and grab a few books. Thanks for the idea!
supporter:You are quite welcome. I too find reading to be a most welcome escape. It takes one's mind off of day to day worries.
seeker:Yes, let's us escape to another world. I'm glad you got my mind on that. I feel better!
supporter:Perhaps you could look into book groups as well. There are probably quite a few online these days. Glad I could be helpful!
seeker:I will do that! Thanks again.
supporter:You are welcome. I am glad I could help you find some ways to help manage stress levels. Is there anything else you want to talk about?

seeker:Hi good afternoon, I am seeking support for my anxiety related to my job 
seeker:Is this something you can help me with?
supporter:Hey there, please do share! I would love to help!
supporter:Why is your job causing you to have anxiety?
seeker:Wonderful! My job is causing me some stress and anxiety. Everything is usually good except for my one coworker who tries to boss me around. She is very unhelpful and hypocritical 
seeker:You cannot even talk to her without her interrupting or being rude. I am trying to find a better way to deal with the situation
supporter:I see, so you have difficulty dealing with a co-worker. Let ask, Is there anyway of talking to her about her behavior? Also does she behave this way with others?
seeker:Yes, I believe she has an aggressive personality and there wouldn't be much of a difference in the way she acts or speaks to others. She never listens
seeker:I could try to have a conversation but in the past it has been difficult 
supporter:What I do recommend is contacting a mediator or someone from HR and having a sit down. Since clearly this is affecting you at work and outside of it. Talking to HR should help. 
supporter:What do you think?
seeker:That is a good recommendation, I have tried to relax and relieve stress in other outlets and not let it get to me or take it personally
seeker:Our office is small so it would likely just be my boss who I have mentioned it to before. I think of it as she may not be working here that much longer 
seeker:and is only part time now
supporter:Honestly don't let it stress you out, don't bring issues at work back home. I also recommend finding ways to destress, listening to music, lightning candles or starting a series on netflix.
seeker:Thats true, it is good to put it in that perspective and to have another opinion on the subject 
seeker:And think of another way to handle everything
supporter:Glad to help!
seeker:Thank you very much! 
supporter:No problem, I hope enjoy the rest of your day!
seeker:Thank you and same to you. I appreciate your support! 
seeker:What do you do to unwind after a stressful day 
supporter:Personally, I spend time with family. Then I have a can of seltzer, watch something on netflix and unwind.
seeker:Netflix and seltzer have solved many of my problems
supporter:Haha it's a winning combination. Maybe a salty snack or something sweet depending how stressful the day was.
seeker:I am trying to force myself to go to the gym but I have little motivation some times esp having to wear a mask the whole time haha
seeker:I do miss snacking tho! 

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hello! How are you doing today? 
seeker:I'm not doing very well unfortunately.
seeker:I failed my college finals, and now I'm up for Academic Probation.
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that, I'd love to understand more about what you are struggling with?
seeker:I'm almost near gradution too.
supporter:Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Academic probation does seem very scary. When did you learn you failed your finals?
seeker:I learned yesterday. Because of the pandemic the semester is shorter.
supporter:And how long do you have until graduation?
seeker:I should be graduating in June.
supporter:I see. Well it's nice that we matched up! I actually work at a college and now a couple good strategies to get off academic probation, and or avoid it! What is it you are studying?
seeker:You're a great resource then! I am majoring in Psychology with a minor in Biology.
supporter:Oh that is awesome! So when do you find out whether or not you are on probation? 
seeker:Likely in the next week.
seeker:I registered for my classes for next semester but I think I should drop my minor. \
supporter:Okay gotcha. Well a couple tips I can offer you: If you do end up on probation, most courses offer a probation workshop you can go through. And if you graduate in June, it should finish in time for you! And I was also going to recommend taking fewer units. As much as it sucks, you can't overwhelm yourself with work. You need to be able to have a healthy and happy life that is separate from school in order to preform your best. Dropping your minor may be what is best for not only your grades, but your mental health
supporter:I also recommend making an educational plan. Although it can seem scary and long to see your goals directly laid out in front of you, it really helps with motivation 
seeker:That's great advice and likely would be my best option.
seeker:I will definitely do that. I feel better hearing that it's okay to drop my minor. I felt like a failure when I considered it.
supporter:From talking with you so far, I can tell that you are stressed about this. But I want to reassure you that your mental health should always come first. It is the most important thing you can do. 
seeker:Yes I am very stressed. I hate taking online courses and this pandemic is wearing me out.
seeker:Plus I have a 2 year old son.
supporter:You are definitely not a failure in the slightest! In fact, I would argue that you are the exact opposite of that. Being able to take such difficult courses in a pandemic, and raise a child shows how strong you are!  
seeker:Thank you for saying that. It is tough, but I just want to finally finish my Bachelor's and do something positive.
supporter:And you will succeed in that goal. You have the motivation and the care for it, you just need to focus on managing everything at once!
supporter:Have you thought about meeting with an academic advisor and laying out a plan?
seeker:Yes. I had plans to. I am going to go an make an appointment immediately.
seeker:I appreciate your time, encouragement, and support.

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi there.  How's it going?
seeker:It's going okay. I'm just pretty worried about things.
supporter:What's going on?
seeker:I'm going through a divorce and it's just a lot to deal with.
supporter:Divorce is tough.  Have been through it myself. Especially tough, I would imagine, in these times.
seeker:Yes, it is especially hard because I live far away from all of my family and I am unable to visit with them.
supporter:Do you have any support in the area you live in?
seeker:No, I do not really have any support in the area I live.
supporter:I'm glad you reached out.  Having support is something we all need.  Zoom and being far away isn't the ideal support I'm sure.
seeker:Yes, it's not ideal, but it is nice to have support even if it is over the phone, Zoom, etc. 
supporter:Most definitely.  I'm far away from my family too so Zoom and phone calls have been great despite the long distance.  Have you visited your family since Covid began?
seeker:I was able to visit them once over the Summer, which was great! 
supporter:That's awesome!  I'm planning on going to visit mine next Summer.  Are you able to see them before years end?  If not, maybe early next year? Hopefully Covid will be just a memory.
seeker:I probably won't be able to visit them this year. But, hopefully things will calm down and I can visit them early next year some time!
supporter:What state do they live in?
seeker:Most of my family is in Iowa. Others are spread out in other states.
supporter:Are you wanting to move back there?
seeker:I have 2 children and do need to keep them close to their father, so I will likely be staying where I am.
seeker:I have to go now. Thank you for chatting with me!
supporter:Best of luck to you.  Hope things turn around for you!

supporter:hello!!
seeker:I can't find a job since I've been staying home with the children so many years and am so ashamed I can't pay my bills now.
supporter:Do you lost your job because of pandemic
seeker:No, it's because I am a caregiver to my children for so many years and now people are like what experience do you have.
supporter:yeah that's a bad situation it seems 
seeker:Yes, I don't know how to begin as it is stressful
supporter:there are many companies that recruit freshers have a try on it
seeker:Where do I find them?
supporter:there are many online recruiting websites in internet you can register yourself with those websites and have a try over local industries 
seeker:I'm not sure if a recruiter works as well as a regular application.  Do you have experience with one?
supporter:not me but my friend had an experience in that she registered in that website , she was called by a recruiter to attend  recruitment process
seeker:That sounds like a possibility.  I hope it would work for me.
supporter:otherwise if yo had an idea of starting a small business it is more better joining a job
seeker:I would love to do that.  How do you start?
supporter:there are many possibilities of starting a business. what we need is an innovative idea some amount for initial investment and many business can be started with minimum space like within home
seeker:That sounds very interesting and promising. I could also care for the kids still if needed.
supporter:yeah that's good for you and also your children
seeker:I appreciate all your help.
supporter:thankyou
seeker:You are welcome.  Have a nice day

supporter:Good afternoon, what can I help you with today?  
seeker:Hi, I'm just wanting to talk about my sadness that happens every now and then. Sometimes at night, (and only at night) I get in these super depressive moods and have almost mental breakdowns about everything in my life. But it doesn't happen all the time... only sometime and I don't know why
supporter:That sounds like a really difficult situation to be in, I'm sorry to hear you're going through that.  
seeker:Yeah it is, and I'm not sure why it happens
supporter:Especially when the sun starts going down sooner, it can seem like we have less time, and as if things are closing in upon us.  
seeker:Yeah exactly. Where I live, we just had daylight savings so it gets dark around 5:30 PM and it feels like my days are just wasted
supporter:There are a few strategies you could use to combat that.  Personally, I try to soak in as much sunlight as possible before it goes down.  Sometimes that will mean moving your work space, maybe getting up earlier to have a cup of coffee in the sunrise, maybe it's scheduling breaks into your day where you specifically get some vitamin D.  
supporter:As far as the intrusive and repetitive nature of the thoughts, have you ever consulted with a therapist or other mental health professional?  Obsessive thoughts are sometimes a sign of anxiety.
seeker:Yeah that is good advice. I definitely need to work on getting myself up earlier in the mornings, I've just come so accustomed to my current sleep schedule.
seeker:And in all honesty, I haven't tried a therapist yet... I'm scared it will be hard to open up to a stranger
supporter:That's an understandable fear.  
supporter:I challenge you to think about it as not too different from this chat here;  An opportunity to get some objective advice and perspective.  
seeker:Wow yeah I didn't even really think about that... And I'm sure there are ways to get in contact with therapists without having to be face to face? I just like the anonymous aspect of it. I feel like I come across as weak if people see me for me
supporter:Yes, BetterHelp is one of those I believe
supporter:TalkSpace is another one
seeker:Yeah that's true I have heard of BetterHelp. Maybe I should reach out on one of those platforms when  I feel like I am going into one of my depressive episodes.
supporter:It may be helpful!  As far as I understand it's exceptionally easy to switch between therapists on that service, too.  So if the first one is not a good fit, you can try someone else.  
supporter:The biggest piece of advice that I can give you is some that I've recently been enacting for myself:  When you get into the spiral, and you can't shake the nasty repeated thoughts, even if you "need" to sleep, get out of bed and move to a different room.  Change the situation up, get some tea, sparkling water, whatever you want, but change what your body is literally doing.  
seeker:Oh yeah! That's true! I will try it. And also try to incorporate a better sleep schedule. And that is very helpful thank you. I do live in a small apartment, but I have noticed that when I get out of bed and at least move to the couch, it is a different environment even though it wouldn't seem like it. I never thought how that would help me though. I will totally do it more often when I am slumping
supporter:You sound optimistic and like you're open to trying new things to help, I think you're going to start feeling better soon.  
supporter:LOL my friend calls that "vacation bed!" and sleeps on the couch over the weekend like it's a treat :-D
seeker:Yeah I definitely want to try what I can! And that is awesome haha the vacation bed! Love it 
seeker:Thank you so much for our conversation!
seeker:It really motivated me to try new things to help
supporter:Things may take some time, but every time you take action to get better, it will help.  You are very welcome! 
supporter:I hope you have a wonderful evening :-)
seeker:Thank you! You as well

seeker:Hi!
supporter:hello there, beautiful day isn't it?
seeker:No not exactly
seeker:Whats so great about it
supporter:oh no what's wrong?
seeker:I am missing my mom a lot . I havent seen her in 6 months or more
supporter:You seem really concerned about your mom! why haven't you been able to call her? 
seeker:I do call her daily! I just havent been able to see her and hug her and spend time with her . 
seeker:My husband wont let me with Covid
supporter:I know it is sooo hard. My mom lives so far away and I can't see her too because of COVID. the only thing that makes me feel a little bit better is that am not putting her at harm's way when I visit her
seeker:I have two boys and we used to see her at least once a week sometimes more
seeker:My mom is only 20min or less away and she doesn't drive 
supporter:How are your boys feeling about it?
seeker:My oldest is sad my youngest 7 couldnt care less. He loves that he can just play roblox more . Hes OBSESSED with it
supporter:To be fair Roblox is pretty fun. Have you seen those videos on Facebook where family members visit their families from behind the window? What do you think your husband will think about that?
seeker:No he doesnt trust me not to go in the townhouse or use an excuse to go inside to be with her.  No I am forbidden to see her 
seeker:He feels she is a risk to us and we are high risk so hes protecting us

seeker:I need help
seeker:I broke up with my girlfriend
seeker:and i'm very sad and don't know what to do
seeker:can you provide any assistance?
supporter:I'm so sorry, the alert sound did not play for me. 
supporter:I'm sorry to hear you broke up with your girlfriend, that is a rough situation to be going through.  
seeker:yes, she cheated on me
seeker:i was suppose to marry her
supporter:That is really hard.  Are you able to take some downtime and recalibrate, take care of yourself?
supporter:When I've gone through break-ups in the past, it's been useful to really take care of myself and give myself some pampering.  
supporter:Guilty pleasure TV and takeout Chinese food is always a good combination.  Tacos, too.  Maybe a bottle of wine, but not too much wine, just want to relax, not get sad.
seeker:Yes, I am going to my mothers house to talk things over. 
seeker:I have to drive 3 hours away
supporter:Oh dear, that's a long time alone with your thoughts. 
supporter:When I need to escape intrusive thoughts and rehashing things, I'll put on a podcast.  Or documentary, or something that's calm, straightforward and factual.
seeker:yes, I know.  family is always important during time like these
supporter:That's really good that you have that kind of relationship with your mom though!  Moms are awesome for that kind of stuff.  They can really make you feel protected and safe.  
supporter:The vulnerability after a break-up is unreal
seeker:yes, i can always count on her to be there for me
seeker:my younger brother is always there for me too
supporter:That's awesome.  Family support is crucial. 
seeker:i guess i'll go make myself a drink
seeker:and try to calm some nerves
supporter:Just be easy on yourself and know that in the future, you will find someone new, someone much more suited to you.  
seeker:yea, its hard because ive dated her for over 5 years
supporter:I'm sorry you're going through this.  I wish I could have been more helpful.
seeker:youve been a great help
seeker:any more advice?
supporter:It's very good that you have a support system though!  And that you have people out there waiting for you.  I hope you have a safe drive.  
seeker:thank you

supporter:Good afternoon, what can I help you with today?  
seeker:I have a friend who is an alcoholic and just can't seem to quit drinking.
seeker:They quit for a couple of weeks but always seem to go back.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that, that is a rough situation to be dealing with.  
supporter:What's very important for you to know is that you cannot control another person's actions.  
seeker:It is. I care for them a great deal and do not like to see them this way.
seeker:I just do not know how to help them anymore. 
supporter:It's difficult for those close to an alcoholic to watch them destroy themselves.  
supporter:I will tell you that you can only take care of yourself.  And you can only be honest with them about how their actions affect you.  
seeker:He is a wonderful person when he isn't drinking, but is argumentative when they drink
seeker:I do, we have talked over and over about how this affects both of us. And he cares when he is sober, but it doesn't seem to be enough to keep him from going back.
supporter:You may need to take some time away from the friendship then.  To show him you are serious that you can't tolerate the behavior any longer.  
seeker:I get that, but I am the person closest to him and he needs my support
supporter:That's understandable.  But if you continue trying the same solution over and over again, but are getting the same result... 
seeker:true, but I do not think that not being here would help. it would only hurt him
supporter:In that case, you should be sure to shore up your defenses and be prepared, because it will be hard.  You are a good friend, but don't lose yourself to save him.  
supporter:Consulting some literature for friends and family of alcoholics may be useful as well, Al-Anon or something like that.  
seeker:That is a good idea. I do worry that he would be upset if I shared this with others he might know
seeker:He is a really sweet person and worth the effort to help.
seeker:he had a lot to give. 
seeker:has
supporter:You should be able to find online Al-Anon groups, too.  
supporter:I'm sure he does.  Don't forget that you do as well.  
seeker:I had not thought of that. I thought you had to go to the meetings and that would be hard for me to do.
seeker:I will definitely look into that!  I appreciate the suggestion!
supporter:It looks like they do offer online chats: http://al-anon.org/al-anon-meetings
seeker:And thank you for saying that I have things to give, I forget about myself in this sometimes
seeker:Thank you so much for that information. I had no idea!
supporter:So much like this chat here, you wouldn't even have to give your real name, nothing identifying, just support for you.  Supporting an alcohol is exhausting, and you will need resources.  
supporter:And a place to vent. 
seeker:That is sooo true! Sometimes I just cry because I do not know what to do anymore.
supporter:Try not to demonize your own frustrations, be easy on yourself when it comes to feeling upset with the situation, and continue trying to let him know that he hurts you when he behaves like that.  
seeker:Having a person to let me know I am not alone and give some support would be very helpful!
seeker:That is great advice! I am going to look into that. 
supporter:Absolutely :-)  I hope that it helps.  You sound like a very kind-hearted person, and I understand that your situation is complex. 
supporter:Just remember that you are as deserving of relief as he is.  They always tell you on an airplane to put on your oxygen mask first, then others in your group.  
seeker:And thank you for reminding me that I matter too!  It helps very much! I can't thank you enough!
supporter:I'm happy to hear that, I wish you luck and take care of yourself.  

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hi, How can I help you?
seeker:I'm feeling really anxious about my future. I'm not doing as well in college as I want to. 
supporter:Is there anything else bothering you or it is only the college?
seeker:Well, I was a great student in high school, but I've found that I'm really struggling with my college classes. I feel rather underprepared and that maybe I don't really belong here. 
supporter:That's good, at least you identified your problem somehow, now is the time to begin solving it
supporter:What is stopping you to get prepared for the exams?
seeker:It's just so much harder to concentrate since all my classes are online. 
seeker:Honestly, I feel like my concentration is terrible these days. 
supporter:I had the same experience in the past, I was doing fine in high school but soon after I entered the college I saw myself falling
seeker:How did you deal with it?
supporter:soon I realized that It's not high school anymore, It needs more effort and specially more time to comprehend the lessons
supporter:You can't just pass the exams by studying a day before the exam
seeker:Ugh, I have a huge problem with procrastination!
seeker:It used to work in high school, but I guess I really do need to make changes. 
supporter:I know It's hard these days by the pandemic and all online things
seeker:For some reason, it's a lot harder to ask questions online to my professors. 
supporter:Then you find your answer by yourself, You NEED yo change
seeker:I guess, but I just feel like I really need someone else to explain things to me. 
seeker:I have such a hard time concentrating on my own. 
supporter:And remember, your at college, You should start to seek the answers more by yourself and your college mates and be less dependent on professors
seeker:That's true, I guess I'm still thinking like I'm still in high school and I have a lot of bad habits to break.
supporter:Yes, I had all your problems but I tried to take the control little by little, the problem is still there but now I can manage it better
seeker:What was your strategy?
supporter:I tried different things and I failed many times, You should try too, start to know yourself and how your body and mind works

supporter:Hi there.  How are you today?
seeker:I'm good. how r u?
supporter:I'm doing good today.  What brings you on here?
seeker:I'm not happy with an ex friend who talks behind my back to my current friends.
supporter:ugh.  There's nothing worse than that.  Have you confronted the ex friend?
seeker:nope. we are not on speaking terms. We have sued each other in court before. we are past talking.
supporter:oh wow.  that's not much of a friendship!  So have you attempted at all to discuss it? What does the other friend think about it?
seeker:they're still friends with me. if it gets bad enough i can sue her for slander
supporter:that's an option but I hope it doesn't go that far again.  Have you tried maybe a mediation with the ex friend and your current friend?
seeker:no. i don't want anything to do with her. if i find out my friends take her side they will be my ex friend too
supporter:I can understand that.  You don't want two people disrespecting you.  
seeker:absolutely not. i have a strong constitution about myself and don't allow to be disrespected by anyone
supporter:I hear that!  What happened in court when you went?
supporter:If you don't mind me asking
seeker:i tried to get an order for her to stay away from me. the first judge passed it but the second judge said it wasn't strong enough. 
supporter:Sounds like maybe you should pursue it again if you can.  Has she been in contact with you?
seeker:no. she hasn't done anything lately for me to get a court order. if she starts anything again i will get a lawyer and sue her
supporter:Seems like a good idea.  Steer clear of her and don't associate with her!  Sounds like you're doing the right thing. Keep your side of the street clean
seeker:absolutely will avoid her. if she ever convinces my friends should i tell them i don't want to associate with them anymore?
supporter:I would if I were in your shoes.  You don't need two of the same person. Know what I mean?
seeker:yeah exactly. people need to realize who's side to stay on
supporter:LOL if only everyone had that thought process.  Some people don't get it!
seeker:it's easier said than done. a lot of people are afraid of being alone and will put up with garbage
supporter:Definitely sounds like you have the right tools and mindset to do the right thing!
supporter:I know about the alone thing especially in these times.
seeker:yeah it sucks lol
supporter:Take those tools you have, steer clear of  her and do your own thing!
seeker:i will. thank you for your advice
supporter:Most definitely.  I wish you the best.  If you every wanna chat again just stop on by!
seeker:thank ya! Likewise
supporter:Take care!
seeker:you too! bye

supporter:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?  
seeker:Hi there, I am just stressed about giving a presentation tomorrow
supporter:That is understandable, public speaking is one of the most commonly cited fears for people.  
supporter:Is it for work or for school?  
seeker:This presentation is for school
seeker:I am indeed worried about public speaking
supporter:I actually majored in communication and have a great deal of experience with public speaking.  
seeker:That's interesting, I find public speaking to be especially difficult
supporter:Yes, the physical nervousness that can manifest is powerful.  I would highly recommend finding a quiet place to calm and focus your mind for at least five minutes before your presentation.  At least a minute's worth of breathing, and drink plenty of water.  
seeker:That very helpful advice, I think another stressful factor is being able to field questions effectively
supporter:Ah, yes, that is a hard one.  You are expected to be an expert.  But you can only prepare so much. 
seeker:Agreed, and there is always that fear that you won't know an answer
supporter:"That is a really great question that I've never considered! Maybe XYZ?  I can check on that and get back to you with a sure answer though!"  
supporter:There's no shame in being able to say that you understand why someone would ask the question(whatever it may be) but that you don't have a full or even partial answer right now.  
supporter:Because you're also going to get like, the hecklers and the people who want to look intelligent by asking asinine questions
seeker:I can understand that, as a I try to prepare for the presentation it's stressing me out about all of the different types of potential questions.
seeker:But the advice you gave is very good
supporter:Just feel confident that you have fulfilled the assignment according to the guidelines.     Extra questions from students are wildcards and you can only handle them within the scope of the assignment.  
supporter:If someone's like WELL WHY AREN'T THERE PURPLE PANDAS THEN, JEFF?!  you're gonna have to just laugh lol
seeker:That's fair! I suppose I will have to accept the fact that there is no way to prepare for every eventual question
supporter:I think you will do great.  You sound prepared, and a small amount of worry is an indication you desire to perform well.  
seeker:Great thanks, this was very helpful.
supporter:I'm so glad to hear that!  You have an excellent attitude and work ethic, you got this!
seeker:Appreciate your advice, have a good rest of your day
supporter:You too!

supporter:hello. what is on your mind today? 
seeker:I am sad because my partner and i broke up
supporter:its normal to feel sad when you break up
supporter:i am 37 and ive been divorced 3 times 
seeker:Wow that's huge!How did you get through the break ups each time it happened?
supporter:my first two cheated on me the third was abusive. after my first wo i just started increasing my social life, talking to more friends so i wouldnt get sad
supporter:this past time i enrolled myself in college. i wanted to keep my time occupied but in a positive way that weill help me make more moeny at work and know for a fat i can take care of myself
seeker:Mine also ended because my partner cheated.What made it worse is the fact that he cheated with my close friend
supporter:well, then they were not as close of a friend as you thought. you deserve bettter .
seeker:I also feel like revenging but in a way that will make him regret why he ever left me
supporter:what will that do in the long run though?
seeker:I have always been a loyal friend and as such wouldn't do anything to jeopardize my relationship with my friends.The mistake i made however is believing that all people have the same intentions
supporter:i've made that mistake too honestly
seeker:I thought that she would look out for me the same way i did for her.How wrong i was!
supporter:im learning we need to be loyal to ourselves and not anyone else...but thats not really the best way either 
supporter:people can be selfish! 
seeker:I think it is,that way one will not be hurt that bad when a friend or a partner decides to be disloyal
supporter:true
seeker:Some people are very selfish and do not care about friendships
seeker:Did you forgive your partners from the past?
supporter:it seems like that is becoming quite a trend these days
seeker:The world is becoming more shallow and unjust by the day
supporter:i've learned its better jut to forget the past and move on. dwelling on it only auses more paind and heartache and take longer to get back to happy
supporter:i think you will be okay though : you seem to have your head on straight! 
seeker:I agree,i will just forget and move on to a better and more prosperous life
seeker:Thank you for such insightful remarks
supporter:you are welcome! 
seeker:Have a good day
supporter:you too!

supporter:Hello!
seeker:Hi! 
supporter:How are you doing today?
seeker:I am so very angry and disgusted with my life
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Why do feel that way?
seeker:My husband keeps calling me names degrading me not respecting me. I am so angry because he does this in front of our kids
seeker:He doesnt do it all the time but its enough to make me feel inferior and angry every time I think about it
supporter:I understand why you'd feel that way, we should be treated with respect especially with our partners.
seeker:Yes we should but tell that to him.  If I stand up for myself he ll go into OH Here we go lets play the victim role Poor you only he says my name
seeker:and tell boys what a worthless mom I am and white trash
supporter:What a terrible thing to say. How do you answer him?
seeker:Usually I keep quiet but if I say something it will be what i do for family and how he doesn't help me or respect me
supporter:I'm sorry about what you're going through. It might be a good idea to take some time away from him and for yourself, if that would be possible. Do you have friends or family near you?
seeker: Not with Covid going on no. I havent seen my mom since march
seeker:I have no siblings and a few friends
seeker:boys are cyberschooling he works remote so no that is not possible
supporter:It really is a difficult situation for everybody. It sounds like you're all feeling stressed and cooped in too, does that sound right? 
seeker:This happened before Covid. Covid just made it worst
seeker:because he went to work boys went to school and I had me time for a few hours before I picked youngest up kindergarted
supporter:It would be good if you can reach out to your friends and let them know how you're feeling.  Try to make some time for yourself and let your husband know how you really feel. 
seeker:well I got get going . boys need me to help withhomework. 
seeker:Great idea . I think I will . Keep safe
supporter:I hope you keep safe out there too. 
seeker:Has this worked for any other people you supported ? talk to you later
supporter:I think it's different for everybody and you'll have to find out for yourself what you would want going forward. Stay strong, it sounds like you're a great parent!
seeker:thanks. Im trying to end conversation. Ill try one more time

supporter:Hello, How are you doing today?
seeker:Not good,and you?
supporter:That is a bummer! I have actually had a very good morning so far! Why aren't you doing good today?
seeker:Because I am sad,and devastated about my break up
supporter:Oh no! Breakups are so hard! It has been a long time since I have had a break up (since I am married). I can remember how devastating it was though! I can tell you though this is something you can get through!
supporter:How long were you and your partner together?
seeker:well,it doesn't feel that way. I am so depressed and emotional...Life is falling apart. I was engaged for 2 years,and together almost 3.
supporter:I know how you are feeling! It probably feels as if the world is crashing in all around you, You probably feel like you've wasted time you will never get back, and you are probably feeling just plain exhausted. While I can't say that I have ever been apart of a broken engagement. I can say I felt both Depressed and emotional and like my life was falling apart. I always tried focusing on the positives of the future.
seeker:Yes,that can be true. But at the moment nothing feels good,or positive...even trying to focus on other things,taking me time,nothing helps..i try to understand why it happened...and i wished I could turn my love for him off...i would be in a much better place now.
supporter:If there was a magical switch you would never know the good from the bad! I think it is okay to be upset and quizzical! IF I were talking to my sister right now I would say "There are much better people out there for you, you will be much happier ending it now then after you are married!" I know it doesn't feel it now, but likely you will be in a much better place because of the break up now.
supporter:Have you talked this out with your partner? Talking with them might help get you the closure you are aching for!
seeker:Thank you for your emotional support...I hope in time I will get better.
supporter:I am Happy to help! I am sure you will start feeling better each day!
seeker:Thank you!!! I hope you have a good day.
supporter:Have a great day as well!
seeker:Thank you
seeker:Was this 10 messages?
supporter:I thought it was!
seeker:Can  we leave now?
supporter:I think we can, my Quit Button is not working. I was just going to wait for you to leave :)
seeker:Okay,I will leave now....Have a great day!! and thank you again for the moral support and advice.
supporter:You are so very welcome!Have a great day as well!

seeker:Have you ever experienced anything like this?
supporter:can you tell me more about that?
seeker:I met Doug at work when I used to smoke outside the building. He's handsome, built and has a killer smile. We started talking and one night we hooked up.
supporter:It sounds like you're physically attracted to Doug and had a one-time encounter with him. Is that right?
supporter:can you tell me more about how you're feeling now?
seeker:Well, actually this has been going on for 7 months. I hooked up with him after a month of talking.
seeker:I'm ready to end this situation because I want the more emotional stuff I know Doug can't give. How do I get out?
supporter:I'm sure it's frustrating that you're not getting the emotional support you need. It's great that you are reaching out to communicate with someone.
seeker:I heard of people falling for a fling or one night stand but this has gone on for months. Add to that, I see him at work. He's married and  I don't see this as more than a long term hook up. Have you ever experienced something like this?
seeker:If you never experienced this do you know of anyone who has? What did they do to get out of this type of relationship if you want to call it that?
supporter:I can sense your frustration, and his marriage just adds to that. I've known lots of people who've ended up in relationships with married people.
supporter:Just reaching out to talk with someone else is a great first step.
seeker:What did those people do to end the relationship if you want to call it that?
seeker:You keep saying it's good to reach out. I'm reaching out to you trying to find a way to turn off my emotions for this man.
supporter:Sometimes, a good first step is to reach out to friends who can help you fill your time and avoid interactions with him.
supporter:And co-workers often can help you find ways to avoid him in the office. Are others aware of the relationship who can help you with that?
seeker:My friends don't know about my situation with Doug. I do suspect some people at work are putting us eating lunch and taking walks together as something more.+
seeker:Doug make my sing and makes my body come alive but his presence is starting to break my heart because this situation is not going anywhere. I need help! It's not Doug's problem it's mine!
seeker:I don't like his wife because if she was treating him well he wouldn't be with me. So why doesn't she just let him go?
seeker:I'm starting to think if she was out the picture Doug and I could be together in a real relationship you know what I mean?
supporter:I can hear your anguish, and I understand your frustration. It's not clear to me, though, that Doug is being honest with you or with his wife.
supporter:You mentioned that Doug can't provide the emotional support that you need. Do you think he's being fully honest with you about his relationship with his wife?
seeker:I don't understand. Doug's married I know that but I want what his wife has so she's not the problem.
supporter:You're absolutely right. It sounds like Doug is the problem. He's cheating on his wife, and he's not giving you the emotional support you need.
seeker:All I want to know from you is to tell me how to get rid of the feelings I have for Doug or how to get rid of his wife since you think she's part of the problem?
supporter:With the holidays coming up, maybe you could avoid him for an extended stretch and really do something about what it is you are looking for in a partner.
seeker:Like what? The media says stay inside with love ones. Doug is my love one. Wouldn't I be putting myself at risk of getting the conrovirus meeting someone new?
supporter:I wouldn't say that Doug's wife is part of the problem. She's sounds like another victim of his philandering and dishonesty. 
seeker:Why do you keep focusing on the wife? You make it sound if I just kill her Doug and I could be happy and I wouldn't have to worry about his Philandering as you call it anymore. Are you saying I'm a Philanderer?
supporter:You're right. It's best to err on the side of caution when it comes to covid. But remember that Doug isn't your loved one alone. He's sharing germs with both you and his wife. Maybe a lockdown -- emotional and physical -- will help you work to find an end to this relationship.
supporter:How did you spend your time before you met Doug? Perhaps you could reconnect with other friends or find a hobby to fill your time.
seeker:You never answered my question about ever being in this type of situation. Did your mate/husband or whatever Philalnder on you and you haven't gotten over it? Are you still with the man/woman or whatever that broke your heart and cheated on you? Why cant you get over it? Is the only advice for me you have is to eat Thanksgiving dinner alone?
supporter:I absolutely have had my heart broken, yes. And I've spent some holidays alone. I can understand your pain.
seeker:I'm glad you understand my pain. I've spent and know how to be by myself. What I'm asking you how do I get out being in love with someone?
supporter:It would be great to be able to give you an easy and pain-free solution, but I don't know that that is possible when it comes to matters of the heart. If you truly love Doug and want to be with him, you should tell him that and see how he responds. You mentioned, though, that he can't give you the emotional support you need.
supporter:If you truly believe, in your heart of hearts, that Doug can't be your everything, then you already have the answer: He is not "the one." He's the one right now. And you shouldn't have to settle for that. You sound like a strong and capable woman who should be loved and respected for everything she is.
seeker:Okay so I eat Thanksgiving alone and I spend time alone. Okay tell me how i fill my nights alone up? How do I warm the other side of my bed which Doug fill so well. I meant he can't give me emotional support because he's married. There is so time, sex and emotional support he can give. And I don't why you assumed I am a woman because I'm not! Also, I don't think being with Doug is settling! I do however appreciate your time and effort. 
supporter:I regret my assumption. I hope you can find happiness!

seeker:Hello there
supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:Not too bad. Been experiencing some anxiety though. It is kind of an ongoing issue for me
supporter:Anxiety can be a real challenge. What have you done to face it in the past that works for you?
seeker:I have tried going to support groups and therapy. I also take medications. Despite this I still feel overwhelmed. 
supporter:It sounds like you have tried a lot of different methods, so good for you for taking care of yourself. What is overwhelming you?
seeker:The situation with COVID is scary. I just found out someone I care about may have the virus. I am a worrier anyways so it is hard not to feel butterflies in my stomach about the issue.
supporter:It is a very scary time we are all living through, so it's very easy to understand your higher anxiety with someone you care about maybe facing it. What can you do to feel better? 
seeker:I can try to keep myself busy and practice self care. It is hard though because I still worry. Sometimes I feel too worried to do the things necessary to stop it all spiraling
supporter:That's a great way to approach it-- since the time has to pass anyway, you can use it to take care of yourself and move your life forward despite the "pause" of the pandemic.
supporter:Have you thought about trying meditation or focused breathing to calm yourself when you feel spiraling?
seeker:I have practiced breathing techniques and meditation before and think that is a great suggestion. At the moment I think the only thing that would ultimately really make me feel better is knowing my friend is okay. He already has health issues so it is a worry.
supporter:Absolutely, and it's completely understandable, but it's very hard to wait. I hope that you are able to practice some of the techniques we talked about, and seeking help by talking about it is part of self-care, too. I think you are on the right track to getting through this. 
seeker:Thank you. That is nice of you to say and I appreciate the support. Just knowing someone has faith that I can do it gives me more confidence
supporter:I believe we are all stronger than we give ourselves credit for, and it takes strength and courage to reach out for help. 
supporter:Please take good care of yourself, and I hope your friend stays healthy or gets well very soon. 
seeker:Thanks. I appreciate it.
supporter:Thanks for reaching out, and I hope the rest of your day goes well. 
seeker:Thanks, I hope you have a great day too
seeker:Thank yo for your helpful input as well
supporter:You are welcome!

seeker:I have no motivaton to work anymore
seeker:i mean, i am going to work and working but i find myself doding non work tasks like this more and more
seeker:i dunno i lost interest
seeker:i am really loyal to my boss, hes a vetearn like me and 72. 
seeker:so ifeel obligated to stay but...i dunno
supporter:I understand, that is a tough situation to be in.  
supporter:Burnout is a real emotion. 
seeker:have you ever felt that way
supporter:Yes, definitely.  
seeker:what was it like
supporter:I worked for a boss who gave me a chance when I was rather unhirable.  I worked there for three years, but I was burning out hardcore.  She was kind but she paid me much less than a normal professional would in that position, and took advantage of me.
seeker:yup.. i have 3 kids and i am not married. i have no beneftits
supporter:She and her husband ran the business, but I continued to be burdened with extra responsibility, no extra money or benefits.  Eventually, the gas station down the hill from us was hiring at a hiring hourly rate than I was receiving from them.  I ended up leaving and going back to school.
seeker:i feel i could get my kids health insurance if i swithed jobs
seeker:but i dunno. i feel like i would feel guilty for leaving
seeker:what did you go for school for
supporter:But you have the well-being of three children to worry about.  The older gentleman knows how to take care of himself.  
supporter:Communication and Copmarative religious studies
seeker:are you still in school
supporter:*comparative
seeker:i just started going back to school for my masters degree
supporter:I'm thinking about going back for my masters but no I am not still in school.  
seeker:its tough but i am on the honor role
seeker:you should go b ack to school
supporter:That's excellent.  I don't think you should take on this boss's emotions as a reason to stay with a job you're burning out on.  I think you should take the small step of looking at what's out there, and maybe having a few interviews.  You could try explaining to your boss that you need benefits for the kids.  I would be surprised if he did not understand that. 
supporter:And if he does not understand that, well, you will know exactly who you work for, and that will be additional impetus to move on. 
seeker:with us both being veterans it goes beyond a boss relationship hes like family
seeker:i feel like id be fucking over the whole nation turning my back on another veteran
supporter:Then I would think he would understand even more. 

seeker:Is anyone there??
supporter:Hey there, how are you doing/
seeker:Ok. Are you able to read the description of my problem or should I paste it again?
supporter:Sorry, i could not see the description of the problem. Could you please paste it again?
seeker:Sure 
seeker:my boyfriend broke up with me but won't tell me why
seeker:I think I posted something on fb that made him jealous. But if that is so he is being irrational.
supporter:oh, i am so sorry. 
seeker:he won't answer my calls or messages. He keeps posting things that make it seem like I hurt him so much.
seeker:Thanks!  :)
supporter:Did you try to message him to see if he can chat with you? so that you get a chance to understand what made him break up with you?
supporter:or do you have a common friend that can help arrange a meetup ?
seeker:I've send him so many messages. He reads them but won't respond. I did ask his best friend to help me but my ex pretended like nothing was wrong when his friend asked him.
supporter:Hmm. do you want to give him some time to maybe cool off and then try to get in touch with him again?
supporter:i know you are anxious but sometimes it is best for time to heal things and bring things back to normal
seeker:Yes, I guess that is all I can do for now. Since he won't answer and it's putting pressure on us both. However, the anxiety of this is killing me.I can't eat or sleep. I don't know how to handle it for myself. But yes you are right, the one thing I need to do is leave him be for a bit.
supporter:Do you have any other friend that you can lean for a little bit for support? this will help you get out of anxiety. Maybe, try to get busy with work or spend time on your hobbies. it helps to take your mind off of this thing a bit and will make you a bit less anxious.
seeker:Thank you I have been trying to do that. Though I don't want to bother my friends too much. I've been keeping myself busy though. Most important is to stay away from my phone. haha.
supporter:That's good. at least you found ways to get out of the anxiety. 
supporter:and social media can cause anxiety too, so staying from your phone also helps :)
seeker:Well it is not helping much. But I guess it will get better over time. I suppose the second I start to feel better, he'll call. haha. It always works that way, right?
supporter:Yeah. given enough time and when things cool off, people do dwell on their behaviour and often times feel stupid for the way they act. i hope its the same case with your boyfriend as well. I have a feeling he is going to give you a call soon
seeker:Thank you very much. I really hope so! :)
supporter:you bet :) 
seeker:Thanks again! You did make me feel better and i think we are allowed to proceed now :)
supporter:Nice. i am glad, i could be of some help.

seeker:Hi
supporter:hello!!
supporter:how is your day?
seeker:So this lockdown is making me depressed. I'm doing ok today
seeker:What should I do?
supporter:what is the reason for depression are you feeling bored or some other reasons?
seeker:I have a cold and I am bored too
seeker:TRying to keep busy
seeker:trying
seeker:sorry for the caps
supporter:no problem, I am also facing the same problem of being bored during the lockdown
seeker:So how are you coping?
seeker:It's just I want to start a life with my boyfriend but I can't move away right now
seeker:Now I need to recover from being sick on top of everything
supporter:the only thing which could entertain us is gadgets. I used to watch many web series and online shows in my mobile 
seeker:Nice I watch Youtube and play games on my phone or PC
seeker:Do you draw?
supporter:be cautious in your health as you say that you need to recover from the cold take foods which keeps you warm and some natural medicines
seeker:I am
seeker:i hate being this way
supporter:yes I draw but not so good in drawing
seeker:Same so I just mostly game
seeker:RPGs are my go to
seeker:I love Star Wars
supporter:do you have kids in your house?
seeker:No, hopefully someday but not right now
seeker:Do you?
supporter:that's great  I too love star wars
seeker:What is your favorite movie?
supporter:yeah there is a kid in my house who is my entertainer in lockdown
seeker:Oh okay
supporter:avengers end game
seeker:I think it is harder for smaller kids during this time
supporter:you are right 
seeker:I feel for all the teachers in the schools
seeker:So I guess me and my bf and friends just have to hang out online for now.
seeker:That's not a bad thing though
seeker:Among Us is awesome
supporter:yeah that's the safest way too
seeker:Do you have any other hobbies?
seeker:How long have you been an Mturker?
supporter:spending time with friends is like creating more funny memories
seeker:yeah it is and that's all that matters is memories and being with them
seeker:So thank you so much for your help today
seeker:I'm starting to feel better now.
supporter:yeah i love grow herbs in my house this is one of my favourite hobby
seeker:Nice
supporter:you are welcome and thanks to spend this time
seeker:youre welcome have a nice day
supporter:have a wonderful and cheering day!!

supporter:Good afternoon! How are you doing today?
seeker:what if i dont do good on my final
seeker:this is my first year with student loans
seeker:i am freaking out
supporter:I can certainly understand your anxiety you are feeling right now
seeker:its my masters program. its a hige deal
supporter:I would be freaking out too. When is your final . How far away is it?
seeker:today
seeker:i have 2 pages done out of 10
supporter:Do you have someone you could possibly study with?
seeker:i work fill time and i am a single mom
seeker:its a paper i have to write
seeker:due at 1am tomororw
supporter:I can certainly appreciate how overwhelmed you are feeling . When do you get a break from work? 
seeker:i get off at 5
seeker:been here since 6am
seeker:ugh
seeker:i have tp get my kkiddsfeed them go over school stuff they go to bed at 8
supporter:You are doing an amazing job and most people couldn't handle it . I completely understand as a mom of two boys myself.  
seeker:im trying to set a good example for the kids since my husband was killed biut its so damn hard
supporter:You have so much on your plate and hard to keep up with everything you are telling me. .LOL. Please may I have a moment to try to help you
supporter:Could you ask a family member or neighbor or babysitter to help out ? Give you time to concentrate on paper 
supporter:Or how old is your oldest ? Could they watch or help get everyone to bed earlier?
seeker:my family is 3 states away :/ i guess i could ask my neighbor debbie
seeker:my oldest daughter is 8, then i have twin boys that are 5
supporter:Do you have any pto at work you could maybe ask boss to take off now ? or leave early ? Or take tomorrow off to have 3 day weekend to recuperiate?
seeker:i guessi can have haley make them pb and j sandwiches tonight and put a movie on. that should hopefully buy me another hour...
seeker:i have already used pto for the stupid digital learning days
seeker:now i have to bring them to work with me next week which is more anxiety lol
supporter:I think that is a creative great way to gain some time and maybe ask Debbie to help with bedtime?
seeker:not a bad idea...thank you
supporter:Oh my you certainly do have a lot on your plate but after my conversation with you I know you can do it  ! You are amazing and don't let anyone tell you differently/
seeker:have. her come over around 730 and help start getting them ready for bed
seeker:hence why i am doing mturk at work... extra money whereever i can lol
seeker:i feel guilty but i dont
supporter:Sounds like a plan 
seeker:it does, thank you for helping sort through it and make a plan
supporter:We all need extra money lol but especially you with being a single mom with 3 kids. 
seeker:and no child support :/ 
seeker:thanks agian
supporter:youre welcome good luck and I ll say a pray  for you 

supporter:Hi, how can I help you today?
seeker:I am having problems because I need money and the only jobs I can find are outside of the hours I need to work and I'm having anxiety
supporter:Oh, that is anxiety-provoking... 
supporter:How long have you been searching?
seeker:Yes, I called a staffing agency and they matched me with a job but I will still be coming home late
seeker:So I am trying to put in applications elsewhere as wlel
seeker:Well*
supporter:It's great that you are putting out applications elsewhere as well!
supporter:What makes you anxious about coming home late?
seeker:I am walking
supporter:Oh I understand
supporter:Have you thought about other ways to get back home besides walking?
seeker:Yes, trying to find a ride but the bus also stops going
seeker:Maybe I could call an Uber home
supporter:If that would help you ease your anxiety, I think it would be a good solution to consider! 
seeker:I think the stress outside of the job is also contributing
supporter:What makes you anxious about walking home late?
seeker:Like I am having relationship issues, in a long distance relationship and I jsut came home and have been missing him and I am torn between the two states 
seeker:Also just safety issues
supporter:Oh I understand about the safety issues, I too cannot stand walking alone at night
seeker:What do you do for safety?
supporter:How long have you been in this long-distance relationship?
seeker:Two months but we've known each other way longer than that
supporter:I try to avoid walking and either ask someone to come and get me, or take an Uber or the bus or my own car! 
seeker:I think the Uber is a good idea. I don't have many friends who would be up at midnight for the ride or be open to it.
supporter:That's good to consider! I think that if money is an issue right now, it will become easier as you get your paychecks and will feel less guilty about Ubering home
supporter:For your relationship, you've known this person for a long time before you got together?
seeker:I don't feel too guilty about the Uber, mostly worried about affording it to be honest 
seeker:Yeah we went to middle school together
supporter:I'm sorry, that's what I meant, affording it (language issues my bad)
seeker:Oh it's okay my bad!
supporter:Ok so you've known him for a long time, you two feel comfortable with communicating your feelings and worries together?
seeker:Yes
supporter:Ok that's great! Do you want to tell me more about the issues you are experiencing with him so we can understand a bit more the root of the stress?
seeker:Well mostly he'shaving problems affording rent too and I can't help him much and it sucks that I can't help him ata ll
supporter:Ah, i get it. So what I'm understanding from this is that you feel helpless in this situation and that's what's making you anxious?
seeker:Yes
supporter:Can you tell me a little more about how this feeling of helplessness is affecting you personally? 
seeker:It makes me feel sad and lost. I'm afraid he's going to lose his apartment
supporter:Does it bring back memories of another time where you felt helpless or is this the first time you're feelling this way?
seeker:No it doesn't
supporter:Ok, so from what I understand is that this is the first time you've felt this and you are lost because you don't know how to act and react to this 
seeker:Yes
seeker:I helped him financially a lot but I'm at my end too now
supporter:Were you the one that offered to help in the first place? 
seeker:Yes
supporter:Well, I think it is very considerate of you to help him financially, but do you feel that this has put an enormous amount of strain and pressure on yourself as well?
seeker:No, not really I mean if I had more I would give him everything I could that wouldn't leave me financially behind
supporter:Oh okay, so you wouldn't say that you're looking for a job to continue helping him financially?
seeker:No I wouldn't. I want it to help support me.
supporter:Ok that's good to hear! 
seeker:Yeah, I just want to be able to have my own stuff again. I've been relying on doing surveys online.
supporter:From what I'm understanding, you're not only feeling anxious and pressure in your own personal life but you're heart is also wherever he is right now and living whatever stress and pressure he is living as well, and that is putting yourself in a very anxiety-provoking position
seeker:Yes
supporter:I understand that, especially given the current pandemic situation, it isn't easy at all
seeker:Also being far away from him sucks
supporter:Are you guys FaceTiming or communicating at all other than by texts?
seeker:You are being very helpful by the way thank you
seeker:We aren't FaceTiming. I just left his apartment this weekend though and have been upset about it. 
supporter:I'm trying my best, thank you for the input!
supporter:Upset about leaving the apartment?
supporter:Or was there something else that happened that weekend?
seeker:Just leaving him
supporter:Have you guys thought about scheduling date nights through FaceTime?
seeker:I think he would but he hasn't been feeling really good about his appearance lately
seeker:I asked and that's what he told me
supporter:I understand that completely, I can relate a lot 
seeker:Same
supporter:If it makes any difference, my partner and I have been doing date nights where we would dress up, put make up on and do our hair and everything as if we were going to the restaurant, and even if it is through Facetime or whenever we see each other in real life, it helps not only with our own self-esteem but also our relationship
seeker:That is very cute
supporter:Maybe you could open the discussion with your boyfriend, tell him that you have a date planned over Facetime and you want him to order his favorite dinner, take a shower, do his hair and dress up real nice 
seeker:I don't know if he would be open to that but I could try
seeker:He isn't really the romantic type
supporter:You have been friends for a long time before getting together, you guys are comfortable with each other, right?
seeker:Yes
supporter:Okay well you do know him more than I do haha, so what would be his ideal date night?
seeker:Probably just being at home
supporter:Hm okay, well I'm sure that if you do propose and organize something for him, even if it is not his favorite thing to do, if he sees that it would make you happy, he will at least consider it don't you think?
seeker:Yeah probably
seeker:Things are hard right now though
supporter:In other ways than financially ?
seeker:The financial things make things emotionally hard
seeker:I am one of the only people he has in his corner right now
supporter:Oh I'm sorry to hear that... it must be difficult for you to be in this position, I understand the stress and pressure 
supporter:Is the pandemic the reason he is having also financial difficulties at the moment? 
seeker:Yes sort of
seeker:He was let go cause of covid
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that
supporter:Has he also been in the search for another job?
seeker:Yes he's trying unemployment
supporter:I'm confused he isn't trying to find a job?
seeker:Unemployment helps you find jobs and pays you while you do it here
supporter:Oh okay I didn't know that thanks!
seeker:You're welcome

seeker:I am depressed. There is no hope
supporter:I'm so sorry! Why do you feel that way?
seeker:This pandemic has been super stressful. I can't leave the house
supporter:It sounds like you feel like you are stuck at home and not able to do things.
seeker:Yeah, I'm stuck at home and spend so much time in bed worrying about life and crying
supporter:I also spend a lot of time at home.  It's really a rough time
supporter:Do you have anyone you can talk to? 
seeker:no :(
supporter:Well from what you are saying, I can tell that you are feeling isolated
seeker:Extremely isolated, i dont know what to do
seeker:i live by myself
supporter:Are you currently working?
seeker:No, i lost my job
seeker:due to the pandemic they had to cut a lot of people
supporter:How did you feel about that? Did you like your job?
seeker:I did not like my job but it was ssomething to do
supporter:My friend's husband also lost his job. 
supporter:He started using a temp agency to find work.  Have you thought about doing that?
seeker:No, I don't feel qualified 
supporter:Temporary agencies are helpful to employers and employees like yourself. They match people to jobs based on job history and skills so they could find things that would work for you
seeker:Hm, do they cost money to use?
supporter:No temp. agencies offer cost free placements (the employer looking usually pays the agency)
seeker:wow thats great. i am still depressedd and don't know if i will have the energy to do it
supporter:I know that days can be really hard.  I think it's great that you are considering options and wanting to do better for yourself!
seeker:Yeah, I just kind of feel like a failure in life
seeker:But I am trying, thanks
supporter:I understand that there are things in your life that could make you feel that way. You are not the only one!
supporter:When you feel up to it, do a search for temp agencies near you and hopefully they can give you some leads about a job. 
seeker:i think thats a great idea 
supporter:I hope I've been able to help with some support
seeker:yes, you have thank you. 

seeker:Hello
seeker:Please reply to me 
supporter:hi how are you
seeker:I am not good . 
seeker:What about you?
supporter:i am so sorry to hear that. what seems to be worrying you today?
supporter:i am doing ok thanks for asking
seeker:I trust my friends blindly. But they not. 
seeker:It creates depression on my mind
seeker:I cannot concentrate on any other works
supporter:it seems to me that you feel you can not trust a friend, correct me if im wrong?
seeker:I trust my friends very much. They won't show the same trustfulness on me.  
supporter:Oh ok, have you asked them why they feel they can not trust you?
supporter:Maybe you could have a conversation about it and see what you could do to gain their trust.
supporter:I have had a friend not to trust me and i know how hurtful that can feel, maybe there has just been some sort of misunderstanding.
seeker:They think I am not suitable for some places. They want to go that places without my knowledge is not a problem. But they hide the total matter
seeker:It may be misunderstanding. I tried to talk with them.
seeker:They won't respond to me
supporter:Could it be that it is not that they do not trust you but they feel you would not feel comfortable going to such places?
seeker:If they feel uncomfortable , they could speak directly but they won't did that also
supporter:I am sorry you feel ignored sometimes people choose to ignore issues rather than confront them and try to come to some sort of solution, i would try not to take it to personnel as you seem like a very friendly person. 
supporter:You could try to send a message just stating that your feelings are hurt and it would be nice if they would at least reply back with a explanation on why they have made you feel this way.
seeker:Can you any idea to get out from this?
supporter:Are you asking how to end the chat?
seeker:no
seeker:how to get out from my depression?
supporter:I think you need to spend some time doing something you enjoy to try to take your mind off of it, maybe go to a movie or for a nice walk.
supporter:Or if you have a family member you are close to you could speak to them about it and see what the perspective of the situation is.
seeker:Thank you my dear. 
seeker:I got a little bit idea
seeker:I will try to explore it
seeker:is there any general way to get out from stress?
supporter:No problem you really seem like a nice person so i think the problem more so is with them and not you so try not to let it ruin your holiday season!
supporter:When i am stressed or depressed I like to workout and listen to music.
seeker:I like to read book. Shall I try this?
supporter:Yes getting lost in a good book is a great way to get your mind off of it!
seeker:Thank you friend. Shall we end the chat?
supporter:If you feel i have helped you we can, if not i am glad to stay and continue trying to help.
seeker:I feel very happy about your help
supporter:i am glad i could be of some help i hope you feel better soon!
seeker:Ok buddy. Thank you and bye. 
supporter:you are very weclome, goodbye

seeker:is anyone here
supporter:hi!!
seeker:hi\
supporter:how is your day?
seeker:no to good my friend is a drunk and nobody not even her husband tells her that hse is having a problem, so i did tell her now she is spreading lies about me and what a terrible person i am
supporter:oh no that's really  not good
seeker:no I mean she really has issues she gets drunk and mean , falls of chairs in bars and that at least 3-4 times a week, her husband does not say a word since she iis in my oppinion verbally abusive to him
supporter:ok ok I could understand now
seeker:so what do you think i should do
seeker:u still there?
supporter:What you have did so far is absolutely correct You worry for your friend is also correct, I think you need to be with your friend in this situation whatever she says about you
supporter:yeah I am here
seeker:she does not talk to me anymore blocked me on social media, and goes around and says I am just trying to cause trouble for her
supporter:I think you just give some time to your friend to realize what she is doing now. 
seeker:she is going to loose custody of her child if her ex find out she is always drunk 
supporter:oh no it seems to be a big problem
seeker:I think so and there is no talking to her she does not admit that she has a problem, she is trying to casue issues between me and my husband 
supporter:If she is not accepting her fault directly you need to find some other way to make her realize her current situation and consecquence
seeker:like what for example, talking does not work? so call the cops on her?
supporter:I don't don't calling cops as good. We need to do in some other way to make her realize . 
seeker:not sure what the best way is to deal with this, or should I just step back and let it be if even her husband does not care?
supporter:you can talk to her mother and some other persons close to her and who really cares her
seeker:I might try that. Thanks for listening
supporter:you are  welcome.
seeker:thanks again

seeker:Hi, I am looking for someone to talk to
supporter:Hey there, I'm here to listen and help :)
supporter:Is there anything is particular that is bothering you?
seeker:I feel very lonely and depressed. I see no point to live
seeker:I have no friends or family by my side
supporter:Hey, don't say that. Listen everyone is going through a tough time due covid. What keeps me going is, I look deep down on the inside and find 3 things that keeps me going.
seeker:You must be a  lucky person. I do not see anything in myself what could keep me going. I do not understand how others cope
supporter:Listen you have to be kind to yourself, forgive yourself of whatever it is that is bothering you and then let it go. 
seeker:I used to liked reading, now I just stare at TV without even realising what is on
seeker:Feel like crying now
seeker:Thank you for your kind words
supporter:I recommend finding a new hobby or doing something that you enjoy doing. It will keep you fresh, active and motivate
seeker:Do you have any suggestions?  It is so hard to think of something when you are locked home
supporter:It okay to cry, that the first step of letting all the negative emotions out. Trust me. Then you feel more free and the burden will be lifted. Then you will be better and more positive. 
seeker:Thank you.  thought if I start crying, it means that I am failure
supporter:Listen I'm on the same boat as you. It can get depressing. However, I light scented candles, play uplifting music on the background. I learn how to cook and started a new series on a netflix. 
supporter:I'll be honest, I'm a man (not like it means anything). I cry a couple times a week in the shower. Why? Because it helps get rid of the negatively that burdens me. After that I feel better.
seeker:It feels good to talk to someone. I am glad I started talking about my problems.
supporter:Remember it's okay to cry, then try breathing and then carry on with your day :)
supporter:I'm glad to help!
seeker:Candles and music - this is my plan for the evening. I may also try to read  like in old times
seeker:It was nice to talk to you. You are a great man. Only strong men can admit thay cry.
seeker:*they
supporter:Trust me, scent and music can provide a positive vibe
seeker:I am going to look for candles now :) Thanks again and I hope all of us will get over these times soon.
seeker:Be safe and healthy!
supporter:Yes of course, enjoy your day :)
seeker:You too! By now, thank you again!

seeker:Hello?
supporter:Hello!
supporter:How are you doing tonight?
seeker:I'm doing alright
seeker:How about you?
supporter:You are doing well?  That is great to hear.  I am the support provider, do you have any questions or problems?
seeker:I've just been feeling a little down about the breakup, even though it was like 4 years ago
supporter:So it was almost four years ago, but you still feel depressed when you think about it?
seeker:Yes
supporter:That must be difficult for you, to still feel that way.
seeker:Initially, I was sad about being heart broken, but later I became more concerned about why I had a strange complex I never even knew I had
seeker:Which I never discovered until recently
supporter:Being upset and heartbroken is very understandable, but what do you mean by a strange complex?
seeker:When I first met my partner, she was at a low point in her life
supporter:So you really feel she was depressed or upset when you met her?
seeker:Yea
supporter:Did her being depressed have an effect on you?
seeker:Naturally, I wanted to help her, even though I felt somewhat uncomfortable at first
supporter:of course you were sympathetic towards her pain, that is totally understandable. 
seeker:So I stuck with her and saw her become better
seeker:even made some friends along the way
supporter:That sounds great, that you were able to help her out in that way.
seeker:However, I suddenly started to feel a little depressed for some reason
supporter:So as she became better, you started to feel worse?
seeker:I believe it's because I felt useless after that point
supporter:That's interesting, so you feel that you were together so long as you could help her, but then you lost interest in her?
seeker:I didn't lose interest, it was just that I had this strange complex where I needed to feel needed
supporter:or did she reject you once she felt better?
seeker:She said that she was busy with other stuff
supporter:Has that happened to you in other relationships?
seeker:Never been in another one
seeker:I've had crushes, but it never went past that for various reasons
supporter:So you have not had any successful relationships since then?  Do you think that is why you feel depressed?
seeker:I don't think so
seeker:The thing is, I'm still friends with her
supporter:So that is good, that even after the end of your romantic relationship you were still able to maintain a friendship.  
seeker:It's rather awkward, tho. We don't even talk often
supporter:Have you thought about volunteering in a position where you could be helpful to others?
supporter:So you feel that you are still friends even though you don't speak to each other often?
seeker:I've done such thing during the summer
supporter:So what you are saying is that you spoke to her this summer and that made you feel depressed about the breakup?
seeker:Oh no, I mean volunteering
supporter:That sounds like a great idea, did it give you satisfaction?
seeker:Yes, I most certainly enjoy it
supporter:That is really good to hear.  Hopefully you can continue to do that and help yourself by helping others.
supporter:Maybe we can talk more at a later time.
seeker:Okay, bye
seeker:Thanks for your time

seeker:Hello. My name is Spike. What is yours?
seeker:Is anyone there?
seeker:I feel kind of sad and rejected that no one is answering. Is this part of the task?
supporter:oh no i'm sorry i left you waited. please tell me your problem
seeker:I'm trying to make money on MTurk and starting a YouTube channel. Money is a big concern for me.
supporter:We are on the same boat. Do you have any other jobs?
seeker:No. That's my only income right now. It has led to a real crisis of self confidence to me.
supporter:Have you considered applying for a job or trying uber drive/ eats?
seeker:I have. But I have health conditions that would mean Covid-19 would be very risky for me to get. So, I'm trying to work online. I'm trying to stay encouraged.
supporter:I understand how you feel, it's tough not being able to work and earn much money. However, you are doing your best right now and should feel proud of yourself
seeker:Thanks. I appreciate that. What do you do to stay encouraged or confident?
supporter:I try to spend more time outdoor and keep myself busy. 
supporter:I like to cook since it's very relaxing and helps keep my mind concentrated
seeker:cooking for me is just another chore. But getting outside might help. I live out in the country. So I have nice scenery.
supporter:That is perfect then, the nature is very healing. You can also hang out with friends and talk to them about how you feel
seeker:It has been days since I even sat on the porch. And weeks since I took a walk.
supporter:you should definitely do that. staying indoor will worsen your mentality
seeker:That's a good idea. What sort of projects are you working on? Job? Hobby?
supporter:yeah I have a full time job and working on mturk at night. Covid has hit me financially too
seeker:Wow. that's a lot.
supporter:we all face different pressure and have to find ways around it
seeker:Yep. You are right. Thanks for the suggestion to get outside. I'm ging out for a walk tomorrow. 
supporter:Please stay positive, go out more and exercise more frequently
seeker:I will. Good luck tonight. Make that money! ;)
supporter:you too

supporter:Hello, how are you feeling today?
seeker:Hello I am here to talk about some academic stress I am having. In fact, I am just taking a break from my studies.
seeker:i am doing well, thanks for asking. I hope you're well too. 
supporter:What is causing you to stress over your academics? 
supporter:What is causing you to stress over your academics? 
seeker:Just a little behind and doing some last minute crunch. Two courses. One exam at the end of this month plus one assignment due. The same for the other course but both due end of next month.
seeker:So just trying to be mature and be hard-working and not get distracted 
supporter:So your trying to work hard at school. Why are you considering taking a break from school?
seeker:no that's not what I meant. I am just taking a break now to talk to you. But other than that, I sometimes get distracted in a normal day. I am taking two university courses, and both completely online. 
supporter:Oh I see. I am also taking college courses online right now and understand how the end of a semester can be a stressful time for students.
seeker:yes for sure. I am usually very conscientious, but just due to social isolation from the pandemic, I have been trapped in my house 
seeker:so slacking off and being lazy
seeker:procrasting a lot
supporter:Maybe if you set aside a certain amount of time to devote to your studies (and nothing else) every day, you can eventually start getting back into the normal routine you have for school work
supporter:and also get and then stay caught up on school work
seeker:sorry hold on a second. 
seeker:be right back in a quick sec
supporter:okay
seeker:hi sorry I am back
seeker:got a phone call
seeker:I meant to say I agree with your assessment
supporter:okay. so is there anything else thats bothering you?
seeker:and that I do set aside time but just that I am at the last stretch and am only preventing further damage as much as I can, even though I am doing fine so far, just not my best self or best capability. Disappointed to say the least.
seeker:no just have to get through this and I should be okay
seeker:like I said. I am usually not like this, so I feel that the pandemic so far has made my routines abnormal 
seeker:and life patterns aimless. 
seeker:I hope and I feel that you are doing better than I am with your studies
supporter:I am sorry you feel that way. I believe that you are strong enough to push through to better times!
seeker:But yes, I have been trying your tactic somewhat more often this week and next week is my last before the exam and assignment due date. 
supporter:Good luck!
seeker:thank you. For sure I will keep persevering. May have to sleep late for awhile but it's what I have to do
seeker:okay. And thanks for understanding and listening. And sorry again for that interruption just now.
supporter:You got this! 
seeker:I appreciate your help and good luck to your studies also. And stay well and safe. 
seeker:Thank you very much!
supporter:Thank you! Goodbye!

seeker:Hello
seeker:Is there anyone online
supporter:Yes, what can I do for you?
seeker:Im trying to get a little advise about a situation that has me down. 
seeker:Are you having some issues responding because I didnt hear from you until almost 3mins into the chat
supporter:It's fine here, I just got your message. Please tell me more about your issue
seeker:Im having some issues with friendships. It has me down. The other day I had called a couple of friends to go have lunch together since we havent seen each other in a while and everyone said No due to covid
seeker:But today I called another friend and everybody were out together but didnt include me
supporter:that really sucks how they pulled that excuse on you
supporter:did your other friend tell you why they did that?
seeker:No they just said they just thought I was busy and couldn't attend
seeker:so im bitter sad about the situation and don't how to address it
supporter:It's understandable for you to feel doubtful. I would give them another chance, suggesting a virtual happy hour and see what they say now hat they no longer have covid excuse
seeker:I was actually thinking about that just wasn't sure about it
seeker:I really thought we were better than this but I guess not
supporter:you can never know people until something happens
seeker:Im needing to bring some new people in my life.
supporter:Just give it a try, if all of them have some excuses again, it's time to stop socializing with those friends
supporter:exactly, it's frustrating but at the same time, a blessing in disguise. Through this you know who actually care about you
seeker:Im going to do observing of myself and think so over but thank you for your advice,
seeker:Some observing of myself and think this over
supporter:yeah, if they don't care about you, why waste your time on them? Spend that time on treating yourself a good meal or a great movie
seeker:Thanks will do have a good day
supporter:you too, i hope you feel better
seeker:Thank you again

supporter:Hello how are you today?
seeker:Hi, I'm well thanks. How are you today?
supporter:great thanks! So you have had a good day it sounds like then. 
seeker:For the most part... my friend told me she's leaving her husband so that was pretty shocking.
supporter:how did that news make you feel?
seeker:Very confused and upset. They don't have problems, she just fell out of love with him and wants to be with a woman.
supporter:I have had feelings of uncertainity in my relationship before as well. I know these feelings can be upsetting
seeker:Right. It's tough because we are all friends, she and I, our husbands and our children.
supporter:oh goodness, that sounds like a difficult situation but at least you have your friends to help you through it
seeker:Yes, they are all very upset with her. I am being the most patient but I don't like it.
supporter:As the saying goes, good things come to those who are patient! Time heals almost everything
seeker:I agree. I just feel like the behavior is so destructive and erratic. 
supporter:Maybe your friend doesn't realized the affect her actions has had on the people around her. Have you tried talking about your feelings with her personally?
seeker:I have. She's very dismissive.
supporter:If she doesn't care about how you feel maybe it would be best if you ended your friendship with her
seeker:I have considered that. My husband said the same. It's tough.
supporter:Yes I understand. I believe in you and your strength to overcome this!
seeker:Thank you for the encouragement! I know my family is what is important but this all just threw me for a loop.
supporter:Try focusing on your family then, rather than other people. Maybe that will help you
seeker:I think that's what I have to do.
seeker:Thank you for the advice.
supporter:Other than that, are you okay?

supporter:hello, how can I help you today?
seeker:hi i need to overcome from body shaming
seeker:can you help me out
seeker:so many people teasing that i lost job 
seeker:i gained weight 
seeker:no support from family and friends 
supporter:That's so cruel of them
seeker:yes , even my partner is not understanding , i lost job due to covid 
seeker:i got covid , no money for treatment 
supporter:Right now you're not working at all?
supporter:I know it's very tough for you, can you stay away from your partner/ people around you for the time being?
seeker:yes , health is not supporting  , due to covid , my lungs got infected and got migraine daily
seeker:yea good idea, but thinking how to pay house rent and all .now i am depending on him only 
seeker:so baring such non scene from him 
supporter:Since you are not working and staying home stuck with all the criticism won't help either, why don't you spend a few hours everyday outside? you can just go to the park, grocery stores, library...
supporter:when at library, you can learn subjects that you want to know about
seeker:yea good idea , i have library card even, but i forgot thise.t
seeker:thanks for remembering this card 
seeker:sure will try to go library and park is even far thAts ok will go by walk 
supporter:yeah, scoop up indoor all day when you are not busy is very damaging to you mental health
seeker:YEA ITS TRUE .
seeker:thanks for the suggestion dear .
seeker:but thinking anybody tease me about my body 
seeker:so i was in home and dnt go out 
supporter:you shouldn't put any thoughts to those heartless comments
seeker:due to winter i am not doing any workouts and not yet all interested to do any
supporter:If any, you can try exercising whenever possible because it's goof for your health. However, do not let the comments about your appearance affects you.
seeker:yeas , but sometimes we feel bad  right when own people doing those comments hurts more
supporter:I understand, especially if that's someone close to you
seeker:yea will do slowly and thanks dear for so much concern on me
seeker:true , we wish our own people should understand our situation and help us to come over the problem 
supporter:of course, it's been very rough this year for you
supporter:it will get better, do not give up
seeker:really bad year ..hope new year will bring more happiness
seeker:sure will follow all your suggestions At lest will start one by one 
supporter:it will, we all have to go through tough time but if you persist, things will be better eventually

supporter:Hello, how are you doing?
seeker:Hi, I'm doing alright I suppose 
seeker:how about yourself? 
supporter:I am doing well. I've been handling the pandemic surprisingly well given I deal with germaphobia myself. I can't wait for this all to be over.
supporter:Is there something I can help you with today?
seeker:Yeah, the anxiety of being trapped in my apartment has kind of gotten to me but I am doing the best I can to keep myself occupied 
seeker:Just really wanted somebody to talk to I suppose
supporter:Yeah, socially distancing is quite the isolating experience so I can relate to how you are feeling.
supporter:What have you been doing to keep yourself occupied?
seeker:Playing video games mostly, I try to exercise everyday and cook meals at home as oppose to eating out. 
supporter:It's good that you are doing your best to take care of yourself.
supporter:Have you been able to connect with friends or loved ones?
seeker:Not really, but my mother and sister live close by
seeker:I visit them almost every other day and I have a couple of friends who swing by now and again
supporter:It seems like you are doing what you can to stay connected with people. Did something happen that lead you to want to reach out for support?
seeker:Yeah, I dealt with my heavy drinking and drug use problems at the beginning of the pandemic
supporter:It sounds like you were going through a really difficult time.
supporter:What was going on for you at the start of the pandemic?
seeker:Just really lonely, lost my job financial woes
supporter:I can imagine how that would put you in a dark place in your life. Just know that you are not alone in this and that there are resources and opportunities out there.

supporter:Hello, how can i help you today?
seeker:Hello there, i am having a hard time because my boyfriend and I just broke up
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that. Was there any reasons that lead to the decision?
seeker:I think I was feeling overwhelmed by his political views and with the election and everything it became much more obvious that we weren't right for each other. But Im nervous with the holidays coming up that I will be sad to be alone
supporter:I feel you, it's scary to not be with the person you love so suddenly, especially during holiday
seeker:It is!! we were together for 5 years, so this is uncharted territory for me
supporter:However, from what you told me, it's no longer fit for you two to be together as your views are opposite. Maybe this is for the better
supporter:You can plan to spend the holiday with your friends or family instead. We are usually busy and neglect the most important people. This is the time to take care of that
seeker:That is true, and that was why I broke it off. He supported Trump, which I knew 4 years ago during the election, but this year it was overwhelming. 
seeker:I will be with family thankfully, we have a small family so COVID isn't something I have to worry about. 
supporter:I understand. You made the right decision, if not now you will get in even more arguments in the future. He is just not the right person
seeker:Overall, I know im going to be ok, but it feels so fresh and like it hurts still. 
supporter:Spend the time now that you have on yourself too. Be an even better version of you
seeker:Thank you for vaildating my decision. 
seeker:Yes, that is  my plan. Focus on me and finding out what it is that I truly want in life. 
seeker:He's helped me understand what I don't want. 
supporter:That's the right attitude. With the right person, you learn what you like. With the wrong person, you learn what to avoid
seeker:Have you ever gone through something like this?
supporter:No I have not, but I have someone ghosted on my before. It hurt and actually helps me realize who cares and serious about me
seeker:That can be just as hurtful! I heard something helpful once that if someone is into you youll know it and if you dont know it, then you dont want to be with them anyways. 
seeker:Or that you shouldn't be with them 
supporter:Yeah, it took me quite a long time to break it off, and I'm glad I did. I'm glad you decided to call it off with your ex too, it's not an easy decision
seeker:Thank you for all your help!
supporter:you too, it's very nice talking to you

supporter:Hello.
seeker:Hi
supporter:How can i support you today?
seeker:I'm just looking for a way to cope with the stresses of my job right now. I work in healthcare and have a lot to do and it feels like I have no time to get everything done
supporter:I see how that would be overwhelming.
supporter:It can help to just allow yourself a brief rest when you can.
seeker:Do you have any good ideas to cope with stress?
supporter:I find it helpful to find even just five minutes in the morning or evening to meditate.
supporter:Some deep breathing to clearly our mind.
seeker:What do you do in the moment when you are overwhelmed? I get so busy I feel like a mess and so unorganized
supporter:So you feel like everything is happening at once, so how can you get to anything at all?
seeker:I just feel like my work performance is suffering
seeker:I'm supposed to get things done in a certain amount of time and I don't have the help I need to get everything done
seeker:I work for a big company and corporate sets goals that cannot reasonably be met safely in the amount of time we are given with the lack of support
supporter:This can be a common stressful feeling in health care.
supporter:Do you have anyone in the organization you would feel comfortable addressing the workload with?
seeker:I do, but in the past when I have said something I wasn't given a solution, only asked what I think could be done
seeker:I think we need more staff but they didn't think that was the solution
supporter:You are within your rights to only do what can be reasonablly expected with quality and safety in mind.
supporter:It can be difficult, but do your best and do not allow a sense of pressure to impact you.
seeker:Thank you. I really needed to hear this!
supporter:I know how unrealistic corporate expectations can feel!
seeker:Thank you for taking the time to talk with me
supporter:You are very welcome. Have a lovely evening, thingscwill getvbetter for you!

supporter:Hi, how is your day?
seeker:Not good. I was told today that my contract is not being renewed once it ends this month. I am very anxious about finding another job during pandemic.
supporter:I see, It's been a difficult year for all of us. But I think it would be possible to negotiate 
seeker:But I tried negotiating. They are down-sizing the entire sales department. What else can I do?
supporter:Hmmm, I can see that this is stressful for you
supporter:Did you already search for a new job?
seeker:Yes I am preparing my resume but job vacancies are few and far between. I am worried about my next job.
supporter:Okay then, It's good that you already started
supporter:But first of all stop being panicked
seeker:Ok. Do you have any ideas for sales positions?
supporter:Search online and locally, get help from your friends and I assure you if you try hard enough you will suceed
seeker:I will. How can I get help from friends? Only very few are in sales field.
supporter:And remember, what are we if we stop fighting?
supporter:Your friends can support you emotionally at least and maybe they know a person that could help you
seeker:I agree. I should never give up. But due to financial commitments, I am somewhat afraid of failing.
supporter:Life is full of surprises, but we should get advantage of bad situations 
supporter:It's totally fine to be afraid, but also at the same time     you should try harder to reach your goal
seeker:Yes, so far life has been kind to me even if it surprised me at few places! I will try to make the most of the situation.
seeker:You are right! Hard work will pay. I need to pull my socks up...
supporter:Courage is not the absence of the fear, you should fight to find your place 
seeker:Sure, after all I am known to be a fighter! 
supporter:Yeah that's the spirit
supporter:You can and you should get a job, so start right now!
seeker:Yes I will. Thanks a lot for the encouragement! 
seeker:I truly appreciate your motivational words.
supporter:Don't let the stress and fear overcome you, get control and who knows maybe you get a better job
supporter:your so welcome dear, I hope I could help you even a little bit

supporter:Hi there, what's on your mind today?
seeker:Hello Gday
seeker:How are you tiday?
supporter:I'm good, anything I can help you with?
seeker:I had to break up with my boyfriend cos he was cheating with a friend of mine
supporter:oh no... I'm sorry to hear that. 
supporter:Have you talked to anyone about this?
seeker:Thank youu
seeker:Not really spoken to anyone
seeker:I just felt anger and called it quits 
seeker:And he woudnt stop lying about it
seeker:and feeling entitled
supporter:You did the right thing. He did not respect you and chose to lie until the end
seeker:I guess
supporter:However, he's not worth getting angry over. You should save your energy for yourself
supporter:Use this time to invest in what you've always wanted to do
seeker:Yea i know right
seeker:I had only felt anger at the initial sage i guess for both him and my friend
seeker:However, that stage passed
supporter:You are a strong person. Just cut tie with both of them, you deserve better
seeker:Certainly did
seeker:Its totally ok 
supporter:It seems like you're doing very well despite what happened
seeker:I chose  not to dwell in the negative but rather be happy and look forward to better relationship both sides in the future
supporter:that's absolutely the right attitude. 
supporter:I believe if you invest in yourself to become a better version, someone deserves you will appear soon
seeker:Thank you so much for listening 
seeker:Absolutely
supporter:you're welcome, it's nice to meet someone with positive attitude
seeker:Same here. Nice to make your acquaintance

supporter:Good evening!  What can I help you with tonight?
seeker:I am dealing with pandemic depression. We are completely isolated.
seeker:Can't see friends, family, hug grandkids...
supporter:That is extremely understandable.  The pandemic is an event no one was prepared for, and it has cause unforseen upheavals.  
supporter:That is a tough situation, being isolated physically from those that you love.  I'm sorry you're going through that. 
seeker:It's been going on for months with no end in sight
supporter:Are you at least able to maintain contact through text and video chats?  
seeker:How do you deal with it?
seeker:Yes, some video chats, but not the same
supporter:Well, I make sure I continue to maintain my relationships as well as possible through the avenues I have available.  It is definitely not the same, but it's what we have at the moment. 
supporter:Personally, I try to maintain a routine.  First hour after I wake up is coffee time, coffee and social media scroll time
seeker:Then there is my wife. She is very paranoid about the virus
seeker:She sanitizes the house even though no one comes in it. Bitches at me.
supporter:That sounds very stressful, I'm sorry to hear that.  
seeker:I appreciate your concern. It helps to have someone to vent to.
seeker:Is this going to end soon???
supporter:I definitely cannot answer that.  As long as people keep valuing one another though, we will get through it.  
seeker:That sounds really good.
seeker:I do value her, just not the paranoia.
supporter:Of course, that's understandable.  
seeker:Any thoughts on calming her down?

seeker:Hi.
supporter:Hi, how are you?
seeker:Doing okay, thanks, how are you doing?
supporter:I am doing all right, thanks. Anything you would like to talk about?
seeker:Yes, my fiance and I are splitting up.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. How long have you been together?
seeker:A little over 5 years.
supporter:Wow, that is a long time. Breaking up is never easy, but it's especially rough when you were in a long term relationship.
seeker:Yes exactly, so I feel like I'm starting all over again.
supporter:I know how that feels. It's really hard at first, but it gets easier. There are some benefits to being single after all.
seeker:Sure, I will have time to focus on myself and start anew. But, I am nervous and apprehensive. 
supporter:It might help to look for a new hobby. That will give you something to focus on, and it could help you meet new people too. My main hobby is baking.
seeker:This is true. I have wanted to start going to the gym more and start doing more yoga.
supporter:I think that's a great idea. Exercise is good for the body and mind. :)
seeker:Thank you. I also need to start looking for a new apartment. I am staying with a friend for now.
supporter:Looking for a new place can be a hassle! But it is kind of exciting too. I think it's nice to move into a fresh new space and experience a change of scenery.
seeker:It's been hard with the pandemic, but luckily I have a good friend and she's not rushing me out.
supporter:Yeah, unfortunately the pandemic has made a lot of things harder :(
seeker:Yes, I feel like it had an impact on my relationship.
supporter:A lot of my friends have been saying the same thing. It seems like everyone has been under so much stress lately.

seeker:Hey
supporter:How ae you feeling today? Is there anything you need to talk about?
seeker:I feel drained, honestly. I'd love to talk about my current dilemma in my friend circle.
supporter:Can you share the dilemma you are having?
seeker:Basically. This has happened for as long as I can remember, even back when I was a little kid. Any friend i've ever had has just used me for SOME gain. Whether that be boredom, money, or an emotional support pillow. I'm so sick of it. They'll literally ignore me for months and randomly text me for money. If i respond theyll read my messages then ignore me until they need money again. Or, they'll use me to throw alllll their problems onto me and never do the same for me. In some way shape or form- every person I become friends with uses me and throws me away when theyre done. 
seeker:Sometimes I feel like it must be me. Maybe i',m annoying? This happens so often the common denominator is ME. But i'm friendly, im assertive, im out spoken, im kind. I don't LET people walk all over me but it seems like that;s all I attract. 
supporter:So you feel under valued in your relationships because people tend to take advantage of you. 
seeker:Pretty much. it just happens every single time. It's kind of discouraging and just makes me an angry person
supporter:It sounds like this is really bothering you. It is good that you are talking about it though.
supporter:Have you tried telling them how they make you feel?
seeker:Some of them. The others I never even get a chance because they just ignore my existence anytime I try and reach out to talk. I've just been waiting for them to pour their problems onto me or have the nerve to ask for money. Then i'll tell them. I already know they won't respond but atleast ill say my peace
supporter:After you tell them how you feel do you still give them money or listen to what's going on and try to help them.
seeker:No. Whenever I do get to say my peace, i'll just cut contact completely. Lately i've been holding it in and just barely responding if at all.
seeker:I've told one of them that i have no money and she hasn't contacted me since. But if she tries again i'll say something about the issue. I don't like feeling used. Who even has the nerve to blatantly use somebody like that? It's irritating 
supporter:It's good that you let them know how you feel. By doing that, you are taking the first step in now allowing them to take advantage of you
seeker:Agreed. I just hope that one day I can meet people and form actual friendships with them
supporter:It's really hard to stand up for yourself but it sounds like you are off to a good start.
supporter:Have you taken any steps in trying to form new more meaningful relationships
seeker:I thought I did. My husband and I made a couple friends. Theyre a couple and so are we so we go on double dates but they seem more drawn to him. Me and the other girl got very close and then boom she randomly decided she only wants to talk to me when shes mad or bored
supporter:So feel that this new couple might value the friendship with your husband more then you
seeker:yeah it seems that way. Most people like him more than me and it's weird because he sucks at socializing and doesn't even like them that much
seeker:It just doens't make sense but that's just the way the cards were dealt
supporter:I used to have a hard time forming a meaningful relationship but then I realized it's because I had nothing in common with the people I was trying to form them with. Once I discovered something I was really drawn to I met people that way like volunteering in my community. Have you tried finding people you have more in common with. 
seeker:That's actually a great idea! I guess i don't know myself well enough or have any distinct hobbies that would draw me to anybody in particular.
seeker:It's been great talking with you! 

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi there.  How can I help you today?
seeker:I believe we are supposed to talk about my description
supporter:Do you have something bothering you today?
seeker:Nothing really
seeker:I only stated the incident with my friend
seeker:How are you today?
supporter:I'm hear to listen to you in case there is something you would like to get off your chest and maybe give some advice or support.
seeker:Okay are you female or male? or how do you identify?
seeker:I ask because i would want to hear your opinion on why girls pick unecessary fights for no reason with their friends 
supporter:I am a 65 year old female with lots of experience with children and grandchildren.
seeker:Oh that is great
seeker:Nice to make your acquaintance
supporter:It happens a lot that girls pick fights with their friends and it ends up hurting, right?
supporter:My experience is that girls pick fights with whoever they feel safe with.  Very strange but my grandchildren told me that they yell at me and take out their bad day on me because they know I will always love them no matter what.
seeker:Really? 
seeker:I do not understand the insecurities in this case 
supporter:Really.  What happened?
seeker:Few months ago she picked a fight with another of our friend for no reason
seeker:Now its my turn 
supporter:How do you think you should handle it?  Did something happen in her life and she's taking it out on you?
seeker:And for some reason when this happens she expects you to come crawling asking her what you did wrong when infact you did nothing. she would start recalling what happened 5years ago
seeker:I really do not know or understand how she processes things 
seeker:She recently had a baby and we where fine through out the pregnancy stretch, up untill the last month she stopped responding to me. 
seeker:the baby will be months soon and no word from her
supporter:Sounds like she's having some issues and she's not happy and taking it out on you.  I'm sure that makes you feel like the bad person here.
seeker:Its actually disgusting how a grown up continuously act like a child 
supporter:I know.  Have you thought about reaching out and just letting her know you are here to speak when she's ready and congratulations on the baby?  Maybe she needs an opening?  
seeker:Initially it got me worried, however, knowing her and the childish behavior as always I felt more disgust this time cos i would think a now mum would behave better
seeker:Yes well not in that order.
supporter:How much do you want her in your life?
seeker:I sent her a message on her birthday. thats the least i can do. Like im over it tolerating the bad attitude.
seeker:Honestly right now i do not miss having her in my life and that is sad because we have been friends for over 15years.
seeker:I guess i just git tired of managing the Nonsense from her. So now i'm indifferent and bare think about her
supporter:I wish I could solve this for you but everyone is different.  My granddaughter has had to let go of some relationships that were toxic to her well being and felt better after a period of time.
seeker:I know right
seeker:You have been helpful by just listening and giving your 2cents
seeker:Thank you so much
supporter:There are a lot of good people out there just looking for friends.  You sound like a caring person, I bet you'll find new friends.
supporter:Best of luck.
seeker:Im sure i will. I just aint too out for many friends so i limit my circle and carry people along
seeker:thank you. Hope you have a good Thanks giving celebration

supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:I'm good thanks but pretty frustrated too be honest. It's my friend who has taken to being a pain on Facebook
supporter:I'm sorry to hear you are frustrated! I'm gonna do my best to understand and talk through your issue. :) Your friend is being a pain on face book in what way?
seeker:He's all of a sudden got an opinion on everything and tries to pull me into arguments with other friends.
supporter:It sounds like he didn't use to blast his opinion in the past or include you in arguments, is that true?
seeker:That is true yes. It's like the world has to listen to his opinion and only his matters and he won't listen to reason. It's very frustrating and it makes me not want to talk to him. My eyes literally roll when I see a post from him.
supporter:Oh I see! I get where you are coming from. I have a few friends that no matter how long you discuss, they won't let the conversation end unless "they are right." It seems like your friend doesn't like it when he is wrong?
seeker:Absolutely and I'm not sure how to broach this with him. I actually feel like it is damaging his reputation. Other friends of ours feel the same way. Not sure what to do?
supporter:Gotcha so not only are you frustrated with what he is doing, but you are also worried about his reputation! First of all, can I ask if he is just your friend online or if you hangout with him in person too?
seeker:That's correct. He is actually a close friend and I wonder what has changed recently to make him like this. I've known him for over 20 years.
supporter:Okay I see. From personal experience, the best way to confront someone who likes to do most of their confrontations online, is in person. Since he is so used to almost "hiding" behind a screen, his feelings will be more vulnerable and real if you discuss your concerns in person.
seeker:Actually I've never thought of it like that. Perhaps a couple of us can have a conversation with him in person. Honestly some off his views are disgusting. I think this needs to stop.
supporter:A suggestion I would make would be to hangout with him in person, and bring up the issues that you and your friends have been seeing. But it's important to not make him feel overwhelmed. Almost like he is being "ganged up on." 
seeker:Yes that's good advice, I think we need to be tactful and raise it in the right way. Have you ever experienced something like this with a friend yourself?
supporter:I can tell that you care about this person as a friend, but you are worried that the way he thinks and talks may ruin that in a way. Make sure to let him know these concerns! It will show him that you guys truly are doing it out of love. 
supporter:And yes I have actually had a very similar experience! Let me explain
seeker:Ok sure please do
supporter:One of my best friend's and roommate, had a very hard time separating friendship and roommate issues. It caused a lot of issues in the relationships with our friends. She had a tendency to discuss issues over text and didn't like doing it in person. But we realized, the problem with that is that you can't tell the emotion behind messages on a screen. But once we talked in person, our issues were solved because we could hear the intended emotions behind what we were saying 
seeker:Yeah that's useful. I think you are right in that the ambiguity of social interaction online makes him more inclined to say extreme thinks, perhaps to get a reaction. The more I think about it, perhaps this could be an indication that there is something he is dealing with and may be lashing out. 
supporter:Yes exactly. It sounds like he might have other reasonings behind his actions. And you guys talking to him as friends in person, would show him that you care and that he is in a safe environment. He doesn't need to be so extreme 
seeker:Yeah I think that's definitely the way forward. Listen this has really helped so thanks for the suggestions and sharing your own experiences.
supporter:Yes of course! I wish you the best in overcoming this hard time with your friend. I believe that you guys will be able to talk through it since it's a newer issue. :) 
seeker:I hope so too. Nice to talk to you and thanks again.
supporter:Of course! Have a good rest of your day
seeker:Thanks

seeker:Hi there
supporter:Hey, how's it going?
seeker:Not bad but I'm just getting fed up with work. working for a big corporate just bored me to tears. It's all I know and I feel trapped like I can't escape. I don't want this to be my life for ever!
supporter:What is it about your job that you don't like?
seeker:I think it's all the politics of working in an office, the endless meetings and the people trying to get one over on each other. I find it draining.
supporter:Bleh, sorry to hear that. I think I understand what you're saying.
seeker:Have you had a similar experience?
supporter:Perhaps it's like following through on your work goals is challenging enough, and then there's a bunch of unnecessary effort on top of it to work around the politics.
supporter:Yeah, maybe I have. I guess I've been in situations when I was surprised and confused as to why a team couldn't just work together towards the common goal. Does that sound similar?
seeker:It does indeed, actually it's like you work in my office. I'm just fearful that if I try something new I won't be able to support myself financially, do you know what I mean?
supporter:For sure. It's true that you don't *have* to work there, but I'm sure there are factors in play that make it difficult to leave.
supporter:Here's a blunt question- what do you want to do about it? Do you think you want to get better at being happy in this job? Or work towards getting another job?
seeker:That is a very good question. I hadn't thought  about it like that. I think I want to try something new and you have helped me realise this. I don't think I actually want to be happier in my current position. The question is how should I approach it?
supporter:Small steps, I suppose. What do you think the very very first, small step would be?
seeker:I think maybe consider what I actually enjoy and how could I make that profitable.
supporter:Nice! That's a good first step. 
supporter:And it's a step that doesn't cost anything to do. Just some time, maybe. Do you think you have enough time nowadays to start looking into that?
seeker:I think maybe I could do something on the side while I'm still working until I'm sure of what I want to so. Finding time with a family and a full time job is hard though. That's why so many people get trapped.
supporter:Yep, for sure. It's not going to be easy. 
seeker:Do you think it's even possible?
supporter:Most likely! The only thing keeping me from saying definitely is because I don't know all the info. But sure.
seeker:At least that's positive. I need to do something about this because I think it's starting to affect my mental health!
supporter:I gotta believe that switching careers is much more common nowadays than it was one or two generations ago. People you meet along the way will understand.
supporter:Absolutely. Work can affect mental health particularly when it seems like your efforts aren't going towards anything meaningful. Is that how it feels at your job now?
seeker:That's true actually. Yes that's how I feel right now. You get it. It's like I'm part of a meaningless machine. I think I'm definitely going to do something about it now.
seeker:Thanks for your input today it has helped
supporter:Good to know. Because maybe that's something you could keep in mind when you think about new jobs. Does this job allow me to see meaningful outcomes from my effort, and so on.
supporter:That's cool, thanks for saying that. It was nice talking with you!
seeker:I think that should definitely be a priority. Does this actually add meaning? You too and take care

supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:I've been better to be honest. I think I need to break up with my girlfriend but she moved in last year and I don;' know how to approach it. I think I'm going to be in for a bad emotional time
supporter:That seems like a tough situation! What feelings made you decide you need to breakup with her?
seeker:It's a bit of a mix. I don't find her attractive that much any more and I think that's important. Also since moving in she is difficult to live with. I can't see myself with her long term.
supporter:I completely understand that. I recently broke up with my boyfriend earlier this year, because I didn't feel like I loved him as much as I used to. Things like that are important! 
supporter:How long have you guys been together?
seeker:It's good that you have had a similar experience and understand what I'm going through. We dated for a while. The thing is she is Italian and has moved countries to live with me. I feel so bad that this has happened.
supporter:Oh I see. That's a huge step to make in a relationship. So you are hesitant to break up with her because she moved just to be with you?
supporter:Have you communicated with her about your concerns? Such as being difficult to live with?
seeker:Yes that's right, I helped her get a job and thought I'd just see how it goes. Her family loves me and thinks I'm great which makes this even more difficult. We have talked about things yes but she sees it as a bit of a joke I think.
supporter:I think it's great that we got matched up, because I went through also the exact same situation. My boyfriend and I were long distance, and he moved across the country to be closer to me. So when I felt like we needed to break up, I was experiencing similar guilt that you are experiencing. 
seeker:It's great that you understand this. I think being the man puts more pressure on me to look after her and make sure she
seeker:she's safe etc
supporter:I want to reassure you, that doing what's best for you is what is most important! Your partner will understand this if they truly care for you. Things will be tough for a while, but you both will be able to grow from this experience. And just because you don't want to be in a relationship anymore, doesn't mean that you don't care about her! 
supporter:Staying friends after the fact might take the pressure off of you a little bit. You can still help her out and be there for each other, but as friends instead of partner's.
seeker:To be honest, it's amazing that you have suggested this. It's really hard to balance my needs and feelings without breaking her heart. It's hard for the person that's dumped but actually I think it is equally hard for the dumper!
supporter:Yes exactly! It's so difficult for the dumper as well, because of course you still have strong feelings for this person. They just aren't romantic anymore. 
supporter:And that is okay. You don't need to feel guilty for things that you can't control. You can still be there for her without pretending to be in love
seeker:That's exactly it. So do you think I should just talk to her and tell her how I feel? The thing is it's not like she can move out immediately. It's going to be a long drawn out experience. 
supporter:I think talking to her and being transparent about your feelings is definitely the right move. In doing this, reassure her you still want to be friends and you aren't just "kicking her to the curb." Things will obviously be awkward for the first little bit, because continuing to live together will bring it's own difficulties. But the beautiful thing about that is, you guys are already used to it. :) So it's only hard if you make it hard
seeker:Yes, I think I need to emphasize the friends element of it and potentially support her to move on. I suppose I'm fearful that it will never end but I'll need to face into that and stay strong, and obviously avoid being intimate as this would really hurt her if I continued to sleep with her. I need to be careful about that I think!
supporter:Yes exactly. And from chatting with you, I can tell that you are a very caring person. You don't want to hurt her. I believe that you have the understanding of the situation, and you know what you should and shouldn't do in order to make it work. The hard part is simply getting the courage to finally discuss it. But I think you are going to be able to do that just fine!
seeker:I must say, you have been fantastic to talk to about this, we have had a similar experience so I think the advice is coming from experience. Thanks for that!
supporter:What I've gathered about you as a person, makes me confident that you probably chose a partner that will be able to have this talk with you and you both will come to an understanding. 
supporter:Yes I think it's very great we were able to connect on our issues! It definitely helps. You are welcome! :)
seeker:Thank you for a great conversation. To continue as is wouldn't be fair on her and I see that now.
supporter:Of course! And it wouldn't be fair to her, just as much as it wouldn't be fair to you. Your happiness is just as important!
seeker:Yeah, I need to put myself first but also be considerate of her feelings. Thanks for that
seeker:Take care and enjoy your day.
supporter:Of course! I'm glad that you are feeling a bit better about everything! You as well!

seeker:hey
supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:I'm good, busy
seeker:I need another job to pay more bills
supporter:It seems you are having a difficult time with your finances. Is that correct?
seeker:yes somewhat. i can pay it off within 2-3 years without a second job. id like to pay it off faster though
supporter:I'm sure it will take dedication and hard work, but I bet you can do it!
seeker:I think so. Im doing mturk for a second job right now. it helps some. i don't know about getting another job 
supporter:I've been in your shoes and also feel that's a good way to add a little extra income. It can really add up if left to built and used towards a specific goal.
seeker:I agree 100%. Been spending it on new clothes and toiletries lately to stock up for the covid shutdown. the extra money helps alot
supporter:It definitely can help. Perhaps you could have a separate way of using some of the money to go towards some of the other bills you would like to pay off? Maybe designate a certain percentage for what you are using it towards now, and the rest to other bill concerns.
seeker:i currently do that. it's hard to have the patience to pay it off. i hate having debt hanging over my head. i like to have nice things though and they cost money
supporter:Yes, and I have found this can be a good way to provide for the extra luxuries we like, without taking away from money that's used towards household bills.
seeker:absolutely. i make sure all of my household bills are paid every month. i think it will get better once these debts are paid off. i needed a lot of new things at once since the old had worn out.
supporter:Have you tried to use some of the scripts that can be added that allows you to catch hits that are hard to get on Mturk? They can be very helpful. Also, there are forums that have all kinds of useful information for workers.
seeker:no i haven't tried those yet
seeker:do i have to pay for those scripts?
supporter:You might find it useful to do a little research and add them as extensions to Chrome or whatever browser you use. They are free and pretty simple to use. 
seeker:So I could make more money on mturk than I am now by using those?
supporter:They have helped me in being able to get a bit more extra income. The scripts will continually try to grab the hits for you and then put them in your queue if they catch them. It's easier and faster than trying to grab them over and over. The forums can a large amount of help too. Perhaps try MTS. They also can show exactly how much you end up making per hour, filter by monetary amount of hits, etc
seeker:oh wow, thank ya! I'll look into that 
seeker:MTS is a script? Which script should I use?
supporter:Of course, I hope it can be of use too you! One I use is Mechanical Turk Suite, which is an extension. I think you can look up as a search for extensions, scripts etc. Or Mturk forums and find out tons of help!
seeker:Thank ya! I'll check it out
supporter:You're welcome! Best of Luck!
seeker:Thank ya! Have a good night. Bye
supporter:I think you have it. You too.
seeker:Thank ya!. Bye

seeker:hello
supporter:hey there, how's it going?
seeker:alright. just getting by.
supporter:is there one particular problem or issue that's been on your mind the most lately?
seeker:I am estranged from my family and living 5 hours away from everyone I know and my fiance is away for almost 2 more years
supporter:That sounds rough, I'm sorry. Being away from people we care about would make anyone feel pretty bad.
seeker:Yeah and I really have no friends since I quit drugs so I can't really even text my old female friends
supporter:You don't have to answer anything you don't want, but I'm curious- how'd you end up 5 hours away from the people you know?
seeker:My fiance's job 
seeker:He works out of ATL
supporter:Gotcha. That's rough for you. Sounds like you made a sacrifice to make that happen.
seeker:Yes but he is worth it. 
supporter:Glad to hear that :)
seeker:I am just alone down here. 
supporter:A lot of us feel like we need friends around to keep our mood up, or to get support when we're bummed or bored or sad. Sorry to hear you have less friends nowadays.
supporter:Are you interested in finding new friends?
seeker:Yes and no, if they are on my level then yes but if not then no. I don't want to associate with people that do drugs so its been a tough time making friends.
supporter:Yeah, that's tough. It's tough enough to make friends as an adult in a new city. Tougher still if it seems like a lot of people are into things you don't want to be around.
seeker:Yep, so I just work at home since COVID so I don't really get out.
supporter:What's a word you'd use to describe your feelings about this issue? Sad, lonely, frustrated, etc?
seeker:Lonely
supporter:Bleh, sorry to hear that. And also, that makes sense based on what you've told me.
seeker:Yeah it is okay it has been nice chatting. Hopeful time will go by quickly for me. I thank you for your time. Have a good day.
supporter:Good talking to you too. Lonely sucks, but in a way it's also okay. I hope you don't feel like you're broken or you're doing something wrong. 
seeker:No just alone. I will be fine. thank you!
supporter:Good luck to you and stay safe! Have a good day.
seeker:You too!

supporter:What is going on today
seeker:I'm feeling really down about my breakup
supporter:\So you have had a breakup recently and you are feeling down about it
seeker:Yes. I thought that it wouldn't be terrible because I initiated it but now I regret it
supporter:So are you doubting that you made the right decision or are you just feeling sadness at the loss you are feeling right now
seeker:I'm mainly doubting my decision and I know there's nothing I can do about it
supporter:You must have had good reason's to have made the decision to breakup and to have initiated it.  Its normal to doubt yourself afterwards.  You may want to remind yourself of the reasons that you came to your decision you did.  Im sure the reasons are still valid
seeker:I did it because I'm trying to focus on self-improvement but looking back now, there's no reason I couldn't have improved myself with my partner
supporter:So you felt the need to have some time to fucus on your own goals and growth and now you feel like you could have stayed in the relationship and you are doubting that you needed to take the step of breaking up.  In my experience at times we need to be single for self growth and I have found that personal growth usual thrives when I am single.  
seeker:That's what I hope for. I just can't get over missing my partner because they were great to me, I just needed to be alone.
supporter:I think you are feeling a loss even though you feel that at this time you need to be alone to focus on your own growth. When you had the conversation about this breakup were you honest about why you need the space and that your problem was not with the relationship but with maybe the timing.  I think with communication and after growth perhaps by keeping the door open with this person maybe you can have some sort of relationship in the future even if its friendship or maybe more.  You are doing what is right for yourself at the given time
seeker:I did get the chance to explain my reasons a few days after the breakup. We were friendly and talked casually for a few more days and then they said they needed to space to get themselves together. We haven't really talked since then. The problem is I'm open to something in the future but I don't know that they are and I can't find the courage to ask
supporter:I have been in both situations before the one who needed space and also as the one who was broken up with.  I think right now the best thing you can do for you and the person is to stick with your decision and give them time they also may need space to process and deal with the breakup and growth for themselves without really letting go you won't be able to grow in time you can have a conversation and ask but it might be six months down the road wait for them to come to you they have asked for time as you did too soon
seeker:I think I can do that. They needed space because it was hard going from being in a relationship to being friends in a matter of days. I guess I'll just have to continue working on myself and see how things go
supporter:Focusing on yourself sounds like the best thing you can do. Start on that list of self improvements you want to make.  Connect with friends you may have lost touch with.  Your going to be great
seeker:I like that idea. Thank you for your help!
supporter:Your welcome and I love that you are so dedicated to your development

seeker:Hello there
supporter:Hi, how are you?
seeker:I am Ok but starting to get a little bit worried about my work situation.
supporter:I see. Can you tell me about what's happening with you at work that's bothering you?
seeker:I work on projects and have a role for the next couple of months but I will need to look for work and am struggling to find something. I think this is due to covid. I'm afraid I'll lose my house
supporter:It sounds like you're in a tough spot right now, not knowing what your future will be like.
seeker:Yeah that's right. It's the uncertainty that's making me fearful. 
supporter:Yes, I can sense that you're quite anxious and fearful.
seeker:I don't know what to do for the best and how to really get myself out there again.
supporter:I imagine it must be difficult. From a practical standpoint, have you tried to reach out to people you can trust in your personal and professional network to see whether there are opportunities for work?
seeker:That is a really good suggestion I have tried agencies but not actually made a concerted effort with my network. I think I'm in panic mode!
supporter:It's understandable that you're feeling a sense of panic now. I imagine everyone would feel that way.
seeker:Yeah true, the news is all soon and gloom and there doesn't appears to be support for those that are still in work. or is there?
supporter:Yes, the news can be depressing. Is there a support group of some sort in your area?
seeker:I haven't checked, I suppose I can find one online. Have you ever used one personally?
supporter:I have in the past. It's more common than people think.
seeker:I'll give it a try and see if it helps. Thanks for the suggestion. Hopefully with my network I'll find something more permanent in future. I hope! 
supporter:I hope you'll find something too. I've found that when you reach out, people can be more willing to help than you expect.
seeker:That's great advice. I'll stay positive and keep trying. I suppose many people emails are in a similar position. 
supporter:Yes, times are tough for many people. 
seeker:Thanks for your help. It has been good to talk it through and also thanks for the suggestions.
supporter:You're welcome. Happy to help.

seeker:hello
seeker:hello?
supporter:Hello there
seeker:how are you i guess you read my situation 
supporter:Actually I haven't seen the details. How can I help you ?
seeker:I have been out of work . my father passed last year we have to move to a smaller home and I am my mother care giver 
supporter:That must be a real challenge. Anyone would feel stressed in this situation.
seeker:yes it has been at least when he was alive we had his income it was stressfull but we had the money to keep up with things 
supporter:So you used to rely on his income and now you are struggling to make ends meet?
seeker:yes and with Covid its been even harder 
supporter:I have also felt that COVID has added additional pressure in my life. You are not alone in thinking this. It must be tough
seeker:yes for all , so we are moving but thats been a pain also getting approved for a mortgage packing up and still caring for my mother 
supporter:So from talking to you it seems like there has been a sudden death which has been difficult, financial challenges as a result and all this is mixed with Covid and moving house. This must be incredibly stressful.
seeker:yes I cant sleep and when I do I wake up in a panic middle of the night 
supporter:Have you tried looking at your problems individually and trying to tackle them in smaller manageable steps?
seeker:yes but it all seems to hit me at once 
seeker:in hoping the move helps but it will be a big change much smaller hone 
seeker:home
supporter:Have you looked into financial support for people in your situation who care for others, such as government support or subsidies?
seeker:yes but she isnt that sick yet where they would pay and both of us being high risk looking for work has been hard 
supporter:Many people are surprised by what help is actually available if they take a look. The government has provided quite comprehensive support, especially for carers.
seeker:i will have to look in to it more once the move is complete 
supporter:I think you are trying to stay positive which is a good thing. It is easy to give up but I think you can get through this.
seeker:i hope so its been a hard last couple of years with money parents health stress but i no im not the only one 
supporter:Not at all but I would suggest looking for help. There is no shame in asking for support. We all need that at times.
seeker:yes I know I need to get passed my embarrassment 
supporter:There is no need to feel embarrassed. I think it shows strength it character to realise when help is needed and your situation is very challenging.
seeker:thank you I feel this just getting it all out has helped some 
supporter:You are welcome and I'm glad that it helped.
seeker:yes thank you for your insight 

supporter:Hi!  How's it going today?
seeker:Hello! I'm pretty good today, what about you?
supporter:I'm doing really well, thanks.  What brings you here today?
seeker:I'm just having some old thoughts about a past relationship. IT's making me sad
supporter:I can appreciate that.  Thinking about lost loves makes me sad too!
supporter:What about this particular relationship makes you feel sad?
seeker:Yeahhh I re read some old messages from a while back and just started thinking about it again. IT's going to sound quite dramatic, but I regret breaking up with this person. I feel as though they were my soulmate. And I ruined it
supporter:Oh...I see, you think s/he's the "one who got away?"
supporter:Why did you break up?
seeker:Pretty much... but the dumb thing about that is I am the one who broke it off. I was with him since beginning of high school, and so I never knew anything other than him. But Earlier this year I was having second thoughts and thought we should try new things for a while. In the beginning, I was doing fine and he was having a really hard time. But now I miss him more than anything and he is now better off without me
supporter:Wow...that does sound painful.
supporter:I know how hard it is to let go of a guy you really loved.  I've had to break up with a few of them over the years!
seeker:Yeah? Do you miss any of them? Or do you feel like it was right for you in the long run
supporter:In the long run, I feel that those break-ups were absolutely necessary.  I'm in a really good place now.  And they are too.  
seeker:Yeah that is good. That is everything that I'm hoping for. But it's not coming fast enough
supporter:I eventually learned to think of it like this: every man I loved taught me something important about myself.  ANd I taught them things about themselves.  ANd it doesn't happen overnight.  But eventually, you will probably be able to see how you grew as a result of the breakup.
supporter:Maybe the things you will learn can help you be ready for Mr Right!
seeker:I really appreciate that way of looking at it. Of course I will always cherish my memories and the things I learned from him. And I want to think of those things as happy experiences rather than sad memories
supporter:That's a really good way of looking at it.
seeker:How long did it typically take you to finalyl be over them and happy with what you ecperienced?
supporter:Oohh.... I think it really depended on how long I was with them.  ANd why I decided to end it.  The longer relationships Maybe a few weeks to a few months before I was ready to move on and try again.  BUt Only a fraction of that was crying with Ben & Jerry's!
seeker:Hahaha yes. That really does help honestly !
supporter:For me it just happened that one day, I thought about Gary and I didn't really feel that sad anymore.  I just thought...wow, we had some good times.  
supporter:B&J's and a few good rom-coms ought to put you in a better mood!  Lol
seeker:Yeah I guess I am just waiting for that day when my thoughts are genuinely me just grateful for the times we shared but not missing them. And honestly, some days I do feel like that! And then it all comes back. I think I am getting there
supporter:It really sounds like you are making progress!
supporter:Just remember the old saying "time heals all wounds."
seeker:Yeah exactly. You are right!
seeker:Thanks so much
supporter:It's my pleasure!  I hope you keep feeling stronger!
seeker::) I definitely will 
supporter:You know, I believe you!

supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:I am okay, thanks.
supporter:Is there anything you’d like to talk about?
seeker:Yes, lately my friends have been going through divorces and many have moved away.
supporter:Wow, you’ve lost friends. I know how that feels. 
supporter:So you’re missing them?
seeker:Yes, it's very sad and a difficult situation because my husband is friends with some of the husbands and I am friends with the wives.
supporter:I honestly believe we all go through that. 
supporter:I think it’s especially difficult with divorce. 
seeker:Maybe. I never thought I would to this extent. The pandemic created so much stress for people.
supporter:Friends are so important to me also. 
supporter:Do you thing the covid crisis has caused more divorces?
seeker:Right. It's tragic to see so many going through divorces and separations at the same time.
supporter:It’s certainly more difficult to make new friends now. 
seeker:Yes, I have 4 sets of friends divorcing and they all separated after March 2020.
seeker:It is. Nothing is open anymore and so many people are guarded.
supporter:Wow, that’s difficult. 
supporter:You’re married?
seeker:It is. And 3 of my friends are moving home to be with family who all live out of state and far away.
seeker:I am married. My husband and I are fine.
seeker:We've actually grown closer despite all of this.
supporter:I sure miss my friends. 
seeker:Yes, me too.
supporter:That’s wonderful, I am closer to my spouse now also. 
seeker:That's good. It seems this crisis is either a divider or a unifier. There's no in between.
supporter:Have you considered new activities, like hobbies? 
seeker:Yes, I have been going to the gym more. I am training to run a 7 minute mile.
supporter:I learned how to how tobake sourdough bread for instance. 
seeker:I love sourdough bread. I should learn how to do that too.
seeker:Well thank you for the friendly chat. I appreciate your suggestions and support.
supporter:One other thing, many insurance companies are providing chat via computer with counseling. 
seeker:That's good to know. I should look into that. Thanks.

supporter:Hello how are you doing today?
seeker:I am really bummed.
seeker:I got a bad grade on a paper.
seeker:How are you?
supporter:I am sorry to hear that
supporter:I am ok thank you for asking
supporter:will your bad grade affect your overall grade very bad?
seeker:probably
seeker:I think it will affect my final grade a lot.
supporter:oh no, do you think you could do something to earn some extra credit?
seeker:The professor doesn't give extra credit. :-(
seeker:I've never gotten a bad grade on a paper before.  Sometimes on tests.  But not on papers.
supporter:I was the opposite in school i could pass a test no problem but i was not good on writing papers
seeker:LOL
supporter:Is your overall grade pretty high without the grade from this current paper?
seeker:It was the first grade of the semester.  So only participation otherwise!
supporter:Maybe you could talk to your teacher and find out what they feel you could have done differently to get a better grade.
seeker:Yeah...that's not a bad idea.
supporter:since it is only your first grade of the semester try not to let it get you to down, i am sure you can pull you average back up
seeker:Overall he said that these grades (to those of us who get them) were like him saying that we might want to reevaluate our career goals!
seeker:Thank you.  That's a nice thing to say.
supporter:i would not take that to personally. i am sure he was just saying that to make everyone second guess themselves and push themselves to work harder
seeker:That's a good thought, too.
seeker:Thank you.
supporter:Oh no thanks need you seem to be very smart i am sure you are going to do well
seeker:Well, you are very nice.  I think it's always good to thank people for being nice!
supporter:well thank you its always nice to feel apperciated!
seeker:My pleasure.
supporter:I wish you all the best of luck with your schooling this semester!
seeker:Thank you!  ANd happy holidays!
supporter:Happy Holidays to you to!

supporter:HELLO HOW ARE YOU TODAY?
seeker:Hi! I am feeling down and upset
supporter:CAN YOU FIND ONE POSITIVE THING THAT HAPPENED TODAY?
seeker:No! I keep hearing the negative cruel remarks being repeated in my head over and over
supporter:WHAT DO YOU HEAR?
seeker:Also, you typing in all caps consistenly makes it feel like you are yelling at me 
seeker:How I am worst than a pig. I am white trash! Even pigs are cleaner than I am . I am worthless
supporter:I apologize I broke my hand and its easier for me.
seeker:Ok no worries . I am so sorry. Please continue in caps. I just sprained my left thumb and wore a splint 
seeker:It was so difficult and painful so ignore my comment
supporter:I am sorry that the world has hurtful people. are these people who can be avoided?
seeker:No I currently live with him. My ex was way worst
supporter:Can you get away from this situation? I have resources that could help you.
seeker:I have two boys and he said if I left him I would never see kids again. 
supporter:we can get the kids to safety as well
seeker:no I know him and he took photos of the house . He has proof I ve been diagnosed with Major clinical depression so he d prove I m unfit
supporter:do you think this something to be reconciled?
seeker:possibly but he won't go to therapy nor am I allowed to either
supporter:Well thats concerning. He could not prove anything if he  is keeping you from therapy. essentialoly denying you medical care
seeker:Thanks for trying . I am going to go lay down and take a nap!
supporter:can i help in anyway
seeker:No thank you for your suggestions. I will think about it. Hope you get better soon with arm . Good luck
seeker:and Keep safe. 

supporter:Hello, How are you today?
seeker:Hi! I'm alright, wbu?
supporter:I'm doing good! Have you been struggling with anything lately?
seeker:Yeah honestly. I am struggling with money currently, but I don't want to find a new job. I love my job and I love the people, I don't want to start over at a new place. But income is rough right now. So I'm having a hard time deciding what to do
supporter:That sounds like a hard decision to make, I recently went through a very similar situation with my employer. Money issues are hard to deal with because it affects our livelihood. 
supporter:Is it possible for you to receive a raise from your current job?
seeker:Yes, but not for a while. So I'm not sure if waiting is worth it
supporter:It sounds like you are really stressed over the future possibilities. It also seems like you love you job now so it may be hard to leave.
seeker:Yeah exactly
supporter:Are there any better paying jobs near you that you think you could enjoy just as much?
seeker:Of course I've looked and thought about it, but there's no way of really knowing unless I try them out. I could always try a new job while keeping my current one and decide which one is better, but then I would be overworking myself and more stressed I think
supporter:It sounds like you have a good understanding of the different possibilities that you have. It also sounds like it may be more stressful for you to leave your current job.
seeker:Yeah probably. I might just need to start really budgeting and living more scarcely for a while. And even though that sucks, I will probably be happier in the long run
supporter:I have recently started using different budgeting apps that also include different coupons available at my local grocery stores. Have you tried any of these that might help budgeting?
seeker:No I haven't but that's a good idea!
supporter:There are so many different options available and some even provide small loans until your next payday, I know I have used these when I was in a tight spot. 
seeker:You're right. I have so many options that I can use to stay where I am at and stay happy. I'm gonna keep this job and do what I can until raise time
supporter:I think that's a great idea and will provide you much more happiness in the long run.
seeker:Thank you so much for chatting with me! It really helped me with my unsureness 
supporter:I'm so glad I could help, it seems like you're really making a great choice that will benefit you and provide great support in the near future.
seeker:Yeah :) I hope you have a great rest of your day!
supporter:Thank you! You as well!

seeker:Hi
supporter:hey friend! I should let you know that if you have typed in a description, i cant see it. how are you doing ?
seeker:I am doing alright, and yeah I did type in the description. Do you want me to tell you what I typed?
supporter:If you're willing to share, please.
seeker:So I'm frustrated with an ex-friend right now. I lived with her and 2 other friends and she just moved out the day before rent was due and then blocked us on everything so we couldn't ask her to pay her rent. So I'm pretty frustrated, but also sad that a friend would do that, yanno?
supporter:ouch. that sounds like it really hurts. how are you feeling about that? betrayed? sad? mad?
seeker:All of the above reallu
seeker:really
supporter:Yeah, its a low blow. What are you looking for around this?
seeker:I'm not really sure what you mean by that. I guess I'm looking for closure from her
seeker:Because she left without really any explanation
supporter:Closure seems only reasonable.  Realistically, logically, I can't give that to you here. I can do all sorts of other things though. I can remind you that all that you feeling is totally valid!
seeker:Haha yeah that's true. It would be unreasonable to want closure from someone who doesn't even know why themselves! Thank you for validating me :)
supporter:And know that closure isn't something anyone can give you, you can give it to yourself. You may never forget this act, but you have the option to forgive, to be compassionate to whatever you friend may be going through, and act with love.
seeker:Yeah you are right. It wouldn't be good to hold onto these negative feelings for so long. I need to move on
seeker:Focus on the good
supporter:Heck yeah! Theres no need to give your energy and power away, and if your friend comes back into your life, you can repair and heal. Whats brought you joy today?
seeker:Something that brought me joy today was seeing some work friends when I got to work :) I just got a new tattoo and everyone had been complimenting it!
supporter:Thats great! I judge you are worthy of the compliments :) Thanks for connecting with me today!
seeker:Thank you too! You've been really helpful
seeker:Have a nice day!
supporter:likewise!

seeker:Hello.
supporter:hello. how was your day?
seeker:Not very good. I just learned today that my job will be making layoffs.
supporter:that's sounds good, you are learning about your job 
seeker:No, that isn't good.
seeker:People will lose their jobs. Possibly me.
supporter:don't worry my friend believe on your progress and hardwork and the luck too may be yours
seeker:I don't have seniority in my position. I have only been at my job for 5 years.
supporter:i could understand your state right now. its hard to be in this position of fear
seeker:Yes, the uncertainty is crippling. Especially in these times.
supporter:yes, you are right especially during this pandemic many people face these kind of difficulties
seeker:I'm not sure what to do and I just want to know what my company plans to do.
supporter:Always hope for a best result. This will keep you optimistic
seeker:I am definitely trying to stay optimistic and hopeful.
supporter:  That' sounds too good .At the same time be ready to face whatever the life gives us
seeker:I agree. I am keeping my options open in case there are layoffs.
supporter:Life is full of surprises and miracles. and the same time life is full of pains and sorrow. it matters how we see even the layoff thing you can take it either as a surprise or pain 
seeker:Well being laid off could be painful because I really like my job and it will be hard to find similar pay.
supporter:i have  also faced the same problem before two years but the luck was on my side at that time and not last for long after some months i was asked to leave but now i become normal
seeker:Well that's good. I am hoping for the best for myself and my collegues.
seeker:colleagues 
supporter:that's good. you seems to be more optimistic and acceptable in nature and your concern about your colleagues is great
seeker:Thank you for your support.

seeker:hi
seeker:hello!!??!!??
supporter:hello
seeker:hi
supporter:I apologize I was having a sneezing fit!
supporter:What is on your mind today? 
seeker:oh no. i hope its not covid!
seeker:my friends aunt is in the hospital with double pneumonia from covid
supporter:No, cats and out of claritin. 
supporter:oh my, that is horrible! 
seeker:i hear ya. just bought some claritin this morning for allergies
seeker:I agree. at least she is responding to the treatments in the hospital
supporter:That's great to hear she is responding!
seeker:I was happy to hear it too. I've been extra careful not to get it cuz of my parents
supporter:ah, are they elderly or have a weakened immune system? 
seeker:elderly. dads doctor told me not to meet friends in person cuz i could pass it onto him
supporter:gotcha. you must live with them to help them out! 
seeker:i sure do. thing is people my age are getting very sick with it too. and some elderly are not. so i could be helping myself more than my dad
supporter:mine are in another state so i don't have to worry about my behavior. you are right though, anyone can get it...i should probably be more careful myself 
seeker:yes absolutely. never know. its a weird virus. best to keep immune system high which i have been
supporter:i have increased my vitamins i admit. have you as well? 
seeker:yes  and started taking airborne for vitamin c
supporter:that's great!
seeker:Thank ya. I worry about my other relatives out of state
supporter:i am hoping it all ends soon...i miss how things used to be
seeker:me too. i feel like im living in a bubble lol
supporter:i think we all worry about outofstate relatives. mine are all out of state... the holidays will be hard
supporter:lol living in a bubble wrap bubble!
seeker:I hear ya. We just have to hope for the best. I already made thanksgiving meal yesterday for my dad and dog. They both slept after eating turkey lol
seeker:yeah for real lol tons of bubbles in bubble wrap
supporter:very true..just keep on keeping on! :) 
seeker:exactly. ive been shopping since covid. its very theraputic actually. cheaper than a shrink lol
supporter:yes....but my recycling pile has gottene out of hand with amazon boxes
supporter:oops lol
seeker:oh no lol i hear ya
seeker:lol shopping can be addictive
supporter:a lot of things can be addictive! 
seeker:like chocolate- which i have a stash of- woops lol
supporter:haha
seeker:lol
supporter:anything else you want to talk about?
seeker:nope im good. thanks for talking with me!
supporter:have a good day! 
seeker:you too!

seeker:hello
seeker:anybody home?
supporter:Hello! What would you like to talk about today?
seeker:Hi, a little bit of anxiety of academics
supporter:Can you tell me more about this anxiety?
seeker:Well, I am nervous about a test I have coming up because I am wondering if I learned enough.
seeker:ok?
supporter:I am here, it seems that you don't feel like you've studied enough. Is that correct?
seeker:That and because of the pandemic, I have not been able to connect with the teacher enough to know if I am completing things correctly.  What can I do?
supporter:It truly depends on the subject! There are online sites that provide free additional instruction
supporter:Can you tell me what the class is?
seeker:Its a math class.  I have tried connecting with other students but many are just as confused as me, especially when it comes to showing the work part.  You mentioned online sites, how accurate and helpful are those?
supporter:Khan Academy is absolutely fantastic! It is extremely helpful and accurate since it is run by educators.
seeker:Ok, I have to check that out as I have never heard of them.  Did they have any reviews on how helpful they are in the math field?
supporter:No but I am a former math teacher and I would give them to my students!
seeker:Okay, that is great.  That eases my anxiety a bit.
supporter:I am so glad! I know online school is stressful but I think you can do it.
seeker:Thanks.  I am learning as I go and I am believe I am getting better.  Just got to get use to it.  
supporter:I can recommend other resources if you'd like.
seeker:Thank you, just a couple more if you have them.
supporter:If this is an upper level math course, you can go to university sites! They always have lessons
seeker:Okay, I will check that out.  Thanks for your help.
supporter:Of course! Did you have any other questions?
seeker:No, that was all.  Thank you for your assistance and providing me with some sources that can definitely help.  Have a great day!!
supporter:Good luck studying! You're capable of doing well!
seeker:Thanks again for the words of encouragement.  Goodbye!
supporter:You can terminate the convo at any time!

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi
seeker:how are you?
seeker:Good day
supporter:I am fine. How about yourself?
seeker:i am alright, thanks 
supporter:That's good.
seeker:yeaa
supporter:Is there anything you need today?
seeker:well going by my description i believe we are supposed to talk about my previous situation
supporter:Yes we are. Would you like to tell me about it ?
seeker:Im not sure if you saw that
seeker:Okay easy peasy. I broke up with my boyfriend because he heated on me with my friend
supporter:I'm sorry, no I didn't see that information. Will you explain your situation to me?
seeker:in details?
supporter:I see. It sound like your bothered by that.
seeker:I had a friend i thought i could trust. i never knew both my Ex and her where sneaking behind my back
seeker:I was 
seeker:at the time it angered me 
seeker:But im sure i moved past it
supporter:So how did you handle that situation?
supporter:That's good that you've moved passed it.
seeker:Called it quits
supporter:Are you happy with your decision?
seeker:Took me a long time tho to get over it
supporter:It takes time for trust wounds to heal but you've handle it greatly.
seeker:Yes all things being equal i believe that was the right thing to do. considering relationships cannot work without some form of trust
supporter:Good for you! Have you heard of Cheater's Anonymous?
seeker:Is that an app?
supporter:Yes it is. They help you learn to trust again if that's what you want. Would you like the web address?
seeker:Ohh i see
seeker:Yes please. that would be nice.
supporter:I'm so proud of you. Here you go. WWW.CHEATERSANNONYMOUS.COM
seeker:Thank you somuch
supporter:The address is case sensitive so be sure to use all CAPITALS.
seeker:Oh right
supporter:No thank you. You assured me people can work through their issues. Good luck.
seeker:I will remember that
seeker:Ofcos. It may take time but it will sure happen
supporter:I don't think I could have done as well as you in that situation.
seeker:Oh really? Are you somuch of an emotional wreck ?
seeker:I mean it isnt easy but we are strong humans and can pull through whatever.
supporter:I just meant if I ever got in your situation I would remember what you did and go from there. Thanks
seeker:You are welcome
supporter:You are right that we are strong humans.
seeker:And thank you for listening
supporter:it was no problem. I love hearing how people solve their issues.
seeker:Good to know
supporter:Okay and thank you.

seeker:Hello I am here to talk about my overall daily stresses
supporter:Hi!  Tell me what's going on.
seeker:yeah I guess different factors, just self isolation for months due to the pandemic, and nearing the end of my studies and experiencing that final last-minute crunch with studying and assignments. 
seeker:I am more stressed and anxious than anything, and not really depression.
supporter:Understood.   You have a lot on your plate, especially with the "new normal".
seeker:yes that's right. The plate issue is more to do with my studies now than the pandemic.
seeker:Though the pandemic is adding to my anxiety and fear of the outside world 
seeker:especially when I have to go out everytime for errands and personal admin.
supporter:Are you doing online schooling?  And yes, going anywhere  can be a bit nerve-wracking
seeker:yes I am. I preferred the old-school way. I've completed university before and it's much better to do things in-person. My online studies have been in place even before the pandemic. 
seeker:Just finishing up with courses and catching up with last minute stuff 
seeker:I feel like so little time when in fact I had loads of time for the last few months.
seeker:I just seem to think and do things slower and more distracted
supporter:I understand; sometimes I have moments like that, too.
seeker:like time is moving on so quickly and there's so little hours in the day but I feel that I don't do enough in a day with my school, kind of distracted or wasted time and then when I do something, I look at the time and am sometimes surprised at how much time had actually elapsed when it felt like I didn't do much. 
supporter:What kind of things are you doing for yourself?  Do you have a place to or a thing to do to...decompress?
seeker:I think this has to do with the pandemic at the start of the year and that changed my momentum and rhythm in life and coupled with social isolation, which puts a damper on my studying mentality, I think.
seeker:I spend tons of time at home nowadays. I try to surf the net and read up on stuff, and that takes a lot of my time, and kind of aimless, and what I would say is procrastination. I work out from time to time, but not as much as I used to before the pandemic.
supporter:Sure, it sometimes feels like time is different right now.   Like your typical life patterns just did a complete circle.
seeker:I wanted to set aside hobbies and things to develop, like writing during the pandemic, and improve on that skill, but I never got to do that. And now so many months have gone by, and all that's on my mind and plate now are my studies, because it's like I do things slower and leave it till the last minute, even though I know I can pass, but just not as good a mark as I would have liked and not my usual work and study ethics from before. 
seeker:yeah not only a complete circle but to me, it's like an aimless road to nowhere, and it goes on and on and repeats day after day 
seeker:that's how it felt for the last few months
seeker:and everyday is the same and at home, and only two months ago I started working in a new part-time position and that got some normalcy back and less stress and alleviated unpredictability with the economy for me.
supporter:Understood!  I'm not in the exact same situation, but I feel you.  There's the thought there would be so much to do things and...there's not.   And you feel stuck a bit.
seeker:stuck for sure. It still amazes me that it's november and not march, because it still feels like that.
seeker:and nowhere as festive, fun, and alive as last november. It's a huge change
supporter:Definitely a massive change!
seeker:it feels nothing special, and not normal, and not even like a real november, you know? It's like even if it's christmas, I wouldn't ackowledge it's christmas even though it is, because of the changes and we can't do the things we used to do. 
seeker:hopefully, scientists can study all these phenomena and our physiological, social, and mental responses to the pandemic. There will be so much that can be learned from all this, I feel. 
supporter:Of course.    We can'r celebrate the way we used to, we might not be able to visit family.   Oh yes, this is a learning opportunity about anxiety and isolation
seeker:And it's worse because I live by myself so don't have someone here. But I do talk on the phone with my friend daily about things and that does help a lot. 
seeker:yeah like for me, I am not able to fly back to visit my folks this year, and this is the first time
seeker:And I feel bad about it but nothing I can do
supporter:That's good that you have people to reach out to.
seeker:yeah anyways, thanks for listening and understanding. I appreciate your input very much. 
seeker:It does help for me to vent I guess and for someone to listen 
seeker:I am good to go now 
seeker:thanks a lot for your help
supporter:You're welcome!    Venting can be great!   Take care of yourself and stay in touch with your friends
seeker:will do. And best of luck to you. Stay well and stay safe. Thanks again. 
supporter:Thank you.   Have a good day and take care.

supporter:hello!
seeker:Hi there
supporter:How are things going for you today?
seeker:Things are okay, a little bit of anxiety about my job, but good for the most part
supporter:Okay, with some job anxiety, Would you be willing to say more about that?
seeker:Yes, sure. I work in an industry heavily impacted by COVID-19, and my company has announced pay cuts as well as potential layoffs starting next year if things don't improve soon
supporter:Woah. Blessings to you for existing in what sounds like a stressful situation. How is self care going during this?
seeker:Thank you. Self care is going well, I make sure to take walks every day and spend time with family
supporter:Heck yeah! You're worth it! Thats great that you do those things for yourself.
supporter:Is there anything you want to have happen here?
seeker:Thanks! I appreciate it. Just chatting with someone and getting some positive reinforcement helps. COVID-19 has given me a lot of anxiety in general, I haven't left the house except to grocery shop since March, and we've got some family members who take it a lot less seriously than we do and are asking us to go over for the holidays
seeker:Just a lot of anxiety in general, but trying to stay positive helps. And the recent news about the vaccines also help!
seeker:Thanks for listening :) I appreciate you cheering me on
supporter:But of course!
supporter:Tell me, what gold would you say you have reaped from this year? What goodness or strength have you discovered?
seeker:Well, spending a lot more time at home with my fiance has helped us grow closer. And I'm in very good physical shape because of all the walking, exercising, and self care, so that's good!
supporter:Go you! Sounds like you've really found some gifts in all this hardship. What are some things that have brought you joy today?
seeker:Haven't had much happen today, but I did make myself a great lunch. And my cooking skills have gotten a lot better during the pandemic!
seeker:Thanks for the chat, I'm in a much better mood now than I was before!
supporter:Wonderful! If I'd have to put on a bow on it, I'd ask....What kind of person stays positive, grows closer to their partner, and takes care of themselves?
seeker:A strong one :)
supporter:Nailed it!
seeker:Thank you!

supporter:Hello there!  How can I help you this afternoon?  
seeker:I'm just feeling really down lately and would like to talk to someone who understands.
supporter:Feeling consistently sad is a tough place to be.   I'm sorry to hear you're going through that.  
seeker:Thank you. I think since the pandemic it's gotten worse. It's hard to find the "reason" to go about my day.
supporter:I can certainly understand that.  Are you working or attending classes from home?  
seeker:I graduated in the spring but haven't been able to find a job because of what's going on, so that's been tough. My wife works from home though.
seeker:What about you?
supporter:It's very hard to maintain a sense of consistency when we have few boundaries on our time, or a daily routine.  
seeker:Very true!
seeker:I try to keep a routine with exercise and cooking, things like that. Going outside for walks...
supporter:I have been attending school online, and I occasionally make deliveries for my husband and I's small business.  
seeker:Oh that's great!
supporter:Yes, a daily routine is good for normalizing change.  It's also good for structuring in time to relax and recharge, which you still need even if you aren't currently employed.  Times are still very stressful and uncertain, and that takes an emotional toll no matter who you are.  
seeker:That's true. Very good points. It's hard to find a purpose right now because I'm unable to find work. When I started going to school I certainly wasn't expecting any of this to be happening (obviously). I waited until my 30s to go to college so I feel angry that all of this is happening.
supporter:I understand being angry about that.  Going to school supposedly is/was a way to take control of one's life, it's no longer the guarantee is once was.  
supporter:I sometimes feel a similar way about my own classes.  I am also in my thirties.  
supporter:But I personally enjoy learning, and would always regret it if I never finished my degree.  We all have our cultural norms that we conform to, whether consciously or unconsciously.
supporter:Do you find yourself being stymied at the application level or the interview level when it comes to jobs?  
supporter:Maybe having a professional in your career path review your resume would be helpful

supporter:hi how are you today?
seeker:I am doing okay.
supporter:That is good to hear.
seeker:I am a little stressed out this holiday season.
supporter:oh no i am so sorry to hear that! What seems to be stressing you out the most about it?
seeker:Well my husband recently got his hours cut and we are struggling
supporter:i am sorry to hear that i know that must be really stressful this time of the year
seeker:Yes i am worried that i wont be able afford my childrens christmas presents
supporter:I feel you on that, we are a one income family and trying to find the extra cash to provide for our kids Christmas is always a big factor for us.  
supporter:Do you have any family or friends that you could talk to that may could help you out until the first of the year?
seeker:Yes same here. I have three children under the age of 6 so they are still in the innocent stage
seeker:Unfortunately no i am not good terms with my family.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Have you spoke to your husband about the stress you feel from his hours being cut? Maybe you both could come up with a plan to move some bills around to make it work.
seeker:We have been trying for a couple months but nothing seems to work.
supporter:Do you have any friends that you could maybe start babysitting for or cleaning houses for? Sometimes I post on my local moms group looking for small jobs and luck up there.
seeker:I try to do work from home and i need be here for my youngest.
seeker:I think i am feeling better though. I just needed to get it off my chest.
supporter:I understand that, my youngest has autism so my schedule is very limited
seeker:Yeah my son is developmentally behind . fifteen months and still barely crawling or talking
seeker:Thank you for listening and i wish you well.
supporter:I wish i could have helped you better. Try not to stress it to much as hard as it is not to be able to give them what they want the bright side is they are so small that they will appreciate anything you can get them

seeker:I am feeling depressed
supporter:Can you tell me more about your feelings?
seeker:I feel lost and lonely,i do not know what to do
supporter:When did these feelings come about
seeker:They came about when i lost my job in August of this year
supporter:I can understand where your coming from with that, especially since this pandemic occurred 
seeker:Yes,finances have especially been very tight
supporter:it seems like this could be overwhelming to you and trying to figure out the right path to go forward
seeker:It is,have you ever encountered such a situation in your life?
supporter:I can relate to you in this situation 100% and if it wasnt for me stepping out on faith and opening my own practice, I wouldnt be here now.
seeker:How did you snap out of the situation,did you have some savings?
supporter:Always putting money aside when able, and doing lots of research about first time businesses gave a lot of insights. Have you tried to look into things like that yourself? 
seeker:Yes,i have been researching a lot too but it is difficult given that i have been surviving on the savings i had.Also it is very difficult to get a loan currently.
supporter:That I do understand as well. This pandemic has made it hard for everyone. Are you a parent with any little ones by chance?
seeker:Yes,i have two children,5 and 9 year olds
supporter:So here is some information that I have in my files to help others during this time. There is self-help.org that is labeled as being a self help during these times. There is also websites that i used like offerup and PoshMark where I was able to start selling some of my belongings to constantly bring in funds. Also try to google "How to become a first time business owner" and see if any of this information helps you and your family. 
seeker:That is very helpful of you.I have been wandering all over the internet lost and not knowing where to find help from.I will definitely check this out and make good use of them.Did you also get any funds from anyone?
supporter:I know that it can be hard and frustrating during this time, but you have to remain focused for your family and stay strong because I am sure they look up to you. With myself I did have to go to a lot of friends and family, but my faith and my blessings came from God. Looking to him to help with your problems and actually listening to his words would really alleviate some of the stress that is so draining 
seeker:I agree that God is our ultimate guide and helper in all this.He will never forsake us no matter what.I will definitely turn to him at this time to seek for his guidance and with faith He will see me through.
supporter:Just keep your eyes on the prize because this means that HE has something bigger in store for you!
seeker:True,you have been very helpful and i appreciate you taking the time to talk to me
supporter:You are very welcome and I am glad that I was able to be here for you.
seeker:My pleasure too

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello how is your day going
seeker:I guess my day is going fairly well.
seeker:I just got some bad news and its got me down.
supporter:Im sorry to hear that please tell me about it
seeker:Well I was given a promotion at my job to take a supervisor position. The only thing that my supervisor needed from me was my 12th grade transcripts, and I'm having a hard time getting them.
seeker:They have given me a total of 3 weeks and I wasn't able to accomplish it .So they had to go with someone else.
supporter:I understand that can be flustering. Have you tried contacting your school for help?
seeker:So it pretty much has me down, because my other co-workers were looking for me to step up and i feel that I've let them down.
supporter:It is hard to let your coworkers down but you could be honest with them and tell them what happened .
seeker:Yes I've tried asking the administration office and they said since its been over 10 yrs that those files are stored in another building. They went to the building and wasn't able to find it. So at this point my hands are tied and I'm screwed.
supporter:One thing you need to assure yourself of is that it wasnt your fault.
supporter:You do have some other methods available to you to get the transcripts. 
seeker:I've done that but so many people look up to me and its just hard to for me to be there on a daily basis knowing that I had this big opportunity and that I want be able to fulfil.
supporter:Have you tried contacting your State or county board of education?
seeker:Are you saying that I do have other methods? But they have already moved forward with another candidate. 
seeker:Yes that's who I contacted at the beginning of my search
supporter:The good news is your coworkers will always look up to you even if you are not in the supervisor roll.
supporter:Your coworkers look up to you because of the person you are.
seeker:Thats true in some aspect 
supporter:You can still be a big influence to your coworkers without being in the supervisor roll.
supporter:I think if you spent some time being a mentor to some of your coworkers you would feel better about the situation.
seeker:I believe that's the only positive part dealing with this situation, 
supporter:Your coworkers obviously look up to you and would appreciate your leadership in mentoring. 
seeker:Ive been a mentor 3 years out of 3 1/2 years Ive been with company
supporter:Take this oppertunity to share your experience with your coworkers and reach out to your management for more training that is available to you.
supporter:Perhaps you can take some online classes on your own and show management that you are taking an interest in advancing in the company. 
seeker:Thats a good ideal ill think about doing that. Thanks for your advice
supporter:Your welcome I'm glad I was able to help.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:Thats it have a blessed day
supporter:OK goodbye. 

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi there, how are you today?
seeker:I'm a bit bad honestly.
supporter:Can you tell me what's going on to cause you to feel this way?
seeker:I've been struggling with depression for a while. It's hard to deal with. I feel hopeless. 
supporter:I see. I definitely understand how long bouts of depression can make you feel more hopeless. Have you discussed your depression with anyone else before?
seeker:I've spoken to a therapist but it didn't help. I tried a help hotline online but they thought I was suicidal so they called the cops to check on me .. never doing that again lol. 
seeker:I don't know what to do
supporter:Yeah, it sounds like you aren't suicidal. Though I do have to check; have you had any thoughts or tendencies of suicide or self-harm?
seeker:I have in the past. Recently, no. 
seeker:I just feel like I'll never be happy.
supporter:I understand. Can you provide any more information about your meeting with the therapist? You said talking to one didn't help, do you know why?
seeker:I think it didn't help because I'm a bit shy. Or because I didn't know where to start. It's hard to know what to talk about.
seeker:I guess it also didn't help because she seemed like she was just reading a script. She wasn't the greatest at making me feel cared about
seeker:You're doing pretty good though haha
supporter:That makes sense and is completely natural. It's difficult sometimes to open up to a stranger that you don't completely know or might not trust. It definitely sounds frustrating that she seemed like she was reading from a script. 
supporter:And I'm glad to hear you think I'm doing alright lol
seeker:I think therapy could work. Actually something happened with my therapist (maybe fired lol) and she's no longer my therapist.. so I need a new one.
supporter:That's interesting. I know from experience that finding a good therapist is all about trial and error, unfortunately. It's important to find the right fit and I would definitely suggest looking for a new one. Do you know of anyone in your life, maybe a friend or family member, that has been to therapy that you would be comfortable getting a recommendation from?
seeker:I think my closest friend has been to therapy. I could always ask her for a recommendation.
supporter:That sounds like a great idea! Remember to keep your friends close too. I know it can be tough when you feel as low as this, but it's important to have a good support system in addition to any therapy you might be receiving.
seeker:My friends and I look out for eachother. I think they're a good help :)
supporter:That's great to hear! It really sounds like you can go to them for support and often being there for someone else can make us feel better too.
seeker:This was a nice little chat! You should actually volunteer for a helpline haha
supporter:Aww that's so good of you to say!! I do want to confirm that you have a game-plan now, though. Remember to keep your friends close and to start looking for a new therapist if you haven't already. If you find one that's not the right fit it doesn't hurt to start over or maybe even ask for a recommendation from that therapist. If they're any good they should understand how important it is for you to find a good fit. Also remember to be kind to yourself. It can be difficult, but I know you can do it.
seeker:I'm ok! I got my friends and family. I made an appointment with my psychiatrist to get different medication so I could ask him for a therapist recommendation as well.
supporter:That's absolutely wonderful to hear! Is there anything else you would like to discuss today?
seeker:I think I'm good. Thank you though! This was nice :)
supporter:Awesome. You've got this! Have a good rest of your day
seeker:You too! :)

seeker:Hello! How are you today?
supporter:Hello, what seems to be on your mind?
seeker:Friends and our relationships amongst one another. Two are arguing and I want to help both. We only can facetime each other because of Corona and it is taking a toll among our group.
supporter:I see. How long have your two friends been arguing?
seeker:It has been around 4 months now. It started slowly and now has ramped up to where it's exploding and causing discourse among us all. One of my friends told a secret to another acquaintance outside of our group.
seeker:My friend is raging over this which she should. trust was broken.
supporter:It sounds like tempers are all running pretty hot for everyone right now, is that correct?
seeker:I believe in forgiveness, and the friend that told is very remorsefulHow do I help them?
supporter:Well, it sounds like you are in a tough spot since both your friends are so mad at each other. 
supporter:Why do you think your one friends shared a secret they were supposed to keep?
seeker:The acquaintance knew something of the secret because she had experienced this before. I think my friend was more-so trying to help my other friend, not betray her.
seeker:She went outside the group but not for spitrful reasons i think.
supporter:I think I understand. Sometimes we accidentally hurt the people we love when we are trying to help. 
seeker:I want one friend to know that the other was trying to hel and nothurt, but did not think clearly when deciding where to get help from.
seeker:How do I make her understand this?
supporter:I think it is great that you want to actively help, it says a lot about you.
seeker:Thanks! What should I say to her?
supporter:Sometimes the best way to help someone understand is to give them a little time and space. Trying to force someone to understand doesn't always work.
supporter:Sometimes the best way to help someone understand is to give them a little time and space. Trying to force someone to understand doesn't always work.
seeker:I think this can be good because she IS a little hot headed.
seeker:Goos advice!
seeker:I think I will tell everyonr in our circle to fall back and let her come to us when she is ready.
supporter:You could also try talking to your hurt friend like this and ask her if she thinks the other friend truly meant to hurt her. I bet she knows that wasn't the case.
supporter:I bet you guys will all be friends again in no time.
seeker:She knws this but nonetheless feels violated. I think your first piece of advice is great though. I will use this and Thanks! Have a good one.
supporter:You as well!

supporter:Good afternoon!  What can I help you with today?  
seeker:Hello every since I lost my job I have felt sad and useless
supporter:That is an extremely tough situation to go through, I'm sorry to hear that.  
seeker:Application after application I get rejected, it makes it hard to even fill out more
supporter:Yes, job applications can feel particularly demeaning to complete.  Personally, I get frustrated with all the repetition and then repetitive rejection.  It seems like I had no value.  
supporter:But you have to consider that there are dozens of different reasons why you don't get selected for a job, and quite a few of them have nothing to do with you , either as a person or as an employee.  
seeker:It feels good someone else knows how frustrating and what a cycle it creates but I am also sorry that you do know how it is also. 
seeker:Thank you for that, it seems most of the jobs I am applying for I am over qualified for which doesn't make sense to me and makes me think it is something personal about me.
supporter:No, don't think that.  I know of several employers that have actually said they don't want employees smarter than them.  It requires more money and more management, and quite a few people are very happy to not do either of those things for ostensibly higher quality workforce.  
supporter:On an actionable level, have you been getting blocked at the application point or the interviewing point?  
seeker:Hopefully I find an employer that sees a quality workforce over other things, its getting pretty discouraging 
seeker:I seem to be getting blocked at application level for employment, it seems my skills are mostly being put out to contract work now, which is not something I am familiar with. 
supporter:I see.  Maybe there are some qualification programs in your local area, or maybe at the local university or college where you could take classes?  There is a career development center at my local university that is open to everyone, maybe you could see if they would review your resume and give you some objective feedback?  Students love a good live subject :-) 
seeker:Wow I have never thought about that! That sounds awesome and like it would be great help, also trying something new would feel nice instead of filing the same stuff into applications!
supporter:You should explore what resources your city/county/province may offer for job seekers.  It is in the best interest of almost every community that its members have have jobs and feel useful, so you may find some valuable information and maybe some connections.  
supporter:Oh!  And what I always tell everyone who is looking for a job:  Apply UP!  Don't ever think is something above your level.  Apply UP!  They may admire your temerity and invite you for an interview just to see who you think you are :-)
seeker:My spirits are going up just having this conversation and looking forward to the community outreach. Hopefully it helps lift this gloom that has been over me for months. I loved my previous job but due to bad management it was taking a toll on everyone employed.
supporter:I am glad to hear you are feeling a little better!  Yes, bad management is so toxic.  Even with great coworkers in a job you love, horrible management can ruin it quickly.  
supporter:You seem like you are open to trying new solutions and putting in the effort to up your competitive level.  Stay positive and take care of yourself mentally and physically, and I think you will be successful.  
seeker:I think that is truly when I started feeling down, productivity was high but it mattered not to those in charge it was never enough. 
seeker:Thank you so much for talking, I feel so much better already and this was great adivce.
supporter:I was in a similar situation, nothing was ever good enough, and we were never given enough information to succeed anyhow.  
supporter:I am glad to hear that!  
seeker:I'm sorry you had to experience something similar by the sounds of it you are no longer in that situation, so that gives me hope for myself!
supporter:That is awesome :-)

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello. How are you doing today?
seeker:Feeling pretty down to be honest.
supporter:Oh, I am sorry about that. Why are you feeling down?
seeker:I'm just really lonely. My friends are all very busy lately and I haven't been able to find a partner for a long time.
supporter:I can understand that. It is difficult feeling alone. 
seeker:Yes. Normally it's not so bad but it's been such going on for such a long time. It's harder to deal with after so many years.
supporter:It sounds like you feel your friends are too busy for you.
seeker:Yes, but the biggest part is not being able to find romantic partner.
supporter:Why do you think you are having trouble finding a suitable romantic partner?
seeker:Part because of my low income and part because of my age. I live in a college town and most single women are 10 years younger than me.
supporter:Sometimes meeting people through mutual friends is helpful. Have you asked any of your friends if they could introduce to you people they know?
seeker:I've tried but my friends don't have very large social circles and most mutuals are already dating or are not interested in dating anyone at all. 
supporter:I can see how that would make it difficult. What about internet dating or going to a single's night?
supporter:I am sure if you get yourself out there, you will definitely meet a great partner for you.
seeker:Internet dating is a cost issue, the most popular apps charge to meet the person, I could look at singles nights once the Covid issue is over. I don't even know if there are any locally.
supporter:It seems Covid is making dating difficult for everyone.
seeker:I hear that from people. I wish I had Covid as an excuse instead of just being confused about why I can't find someone.
supporter:It is reasonable to use Covid as an excuse. I am sure there are plenty of women out there who are also confused about why they can't find someone.
seeker:Possibly, I can see how that is possible.
supporter:I am sure after Covid is over, there will be plenty of possible romantic partners coming your way. :)
seeker:Well I appreciate the advice and support.
supporter:You are welcome. Good Luck!
seeker:Thanks!

supporter:Hello! What is on your mind today? 
seeker:Hello. I am so broken up and also disgusted from my break-up with my only long-term partner.
seeker:I was so surprised by the hurtful things he said when we broke up I just don't know how to even manage my feelings about all the time we spent together.
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. I know how that feels. 
supporter:That is horrible he said hurtful things, but perhaps he didn't know how to manage what he was feeling. 
supporter:Was it a mutual breakup or did something happen? 
seeker:Well, I suppose for him it came out of nowhere. But for me I just had slowly come to the realization that he was not the person for me. I fell out of love with him slowly and grew more annoyed by a lot of his behaviors.
seeker:To me we were fighting a lot, and about dumb stuff like whether or not a salad is a meal.
seeker:And I realized that we were fighting so much because I wanted him to eat healthier and be healthier and he was not going to change and it wasn't even right for me to change him if he didn't want help.
seeker:So, I am sure he felt attacked and unattractive and so he lashed out at me.
supporter:Realizing someone isn't the same you fell in love with seems valid. Fighting over a salad is definately not something most couples argue over. 
supporter:He probably did feel attacked, but I am sure he noticed the continual fighting as well
supporter:It sounds like you did what was best for you. We all deserve to be happy, and it sounds like you really were not anymore. 
supporter:Are you having any regrets on the breakup? 
seeker:I think I did the right thing, not just for me but for him. It isn't fair to keep dating someone just because being single is hard. I just still get weird lingering feelings wondering if he was right and maybe I am too much for a lot of people. I don't think he is right, and my friends disagree but it still hurts and I can still hear him tell me no one would ever love me.
seeker:No, I don't think I have any regrets.
supporter:I think I have said the same thing in a breakup so I wouldn't take that personal. 
seeker:Yeah? I suppose people just say things when they are hurt.
supporter:People say things they dont mean, or just say mean things to hurt because they are hurting
supporter:lol exactly
supporter:I bet there is someone out there for you, you jut need to find someone whos ideas of the future line up with yours 
seeker:Thank you. Hopefully someone who doesn't fight over whether salad is valid dinner choice! 
supporter:Perhaps if you set up a dating profile have that be an intro question: is a salad a meal? you can weed people out that way!!!!
seeker:haha yeah!
supporter:It sounds like you are going to be okay, and I am sure you will find someone when the time is right! 
seeker:Yeah. I think things will work out eventually. 
seeker:Thank you, you are a really supportive listener.
supporter:I agree, and I wish you the bet of luck! 
supporter:You are welcome!

supporter:Hello, how are we doing today?
seeker:Hi.  I'm doing fine.  Just feeling a bit anxious.
supporter:Would you want to go further into whats causing this anxiety?
seeker:Well, I am retired, but in need of extra income to meet my financial obligations.  It is very difficult for me, however, to wear a mask for longer than a few moments.  Due to the mandates in my area, I would be required to wear a mask.
supporter:Well, have you tried online platforms like MTurk?
supporter:It can be bit tough to get into in the beginning, but with a decent amount of work and determination it might be able to help with your monetary problems.
seeker:That is what I am currently doing, and it is helping some.  I have increased the time I work on there, so that will help some.  I would love a second source as well, however...just so I could really save some.
supporter:I hear you on that. I am disabled and the extra income helps a lot for my family. Unfortunately until the pandemic ends a part time job might not be in your best interest for now. Ebay flipping takes some time to get into as well but could help.
seeker:Yes, I have thought of that, actually.  I have quite a few items I would love to sell.  I have never done it, though, so need to research how to ship items, etc.  
supporter:Its actually very easy now. You can print out the slips at home and they tell you how much it will be. I have done it a few times, the last time was only a couple months a go.
seeker:Well, I will definitely have to check that out.  It would serve two purposes : decluttering and making money.  I think I got anxious last week when I had a tire go flat and took my car in to get it fixed.  I found out I need all new tires and new brakes.  Not easy on a fixed income.  Plus I am widowed.
supporter:I am sorry for that. Yea having a nest egg is ideal, but i know how hard it can be. I think with the extra cash and space it may be a big help to those anxiety issues. Do you drive a lot as it is now?
seeker:I actually don't. Only to the grocery store, or to visit my daughter who lives about 20  minutes away.
supporter:Well at least you are not putting to much wear on them now. Have you checked with local governments for assistance? Even with things like medication?
seeker:I am not on any medication, which I am so thankful of.  I have not checked any programs for assistance.  I'm not sure if I would even qualify.  It wouldn't hurt to try, I guess.
supporter:Believe me never hurts to try. A penny you save on something else can be a penny that goes into your savings
seeker:That is so true!  I have been selling some items through my neighborhood online Marketplace and made $100 just this week.  I have also started a change jar.  Amazing how a bit here and there can add up.
supporter:Wow thats pretty good. Yeah it is. It seems you are very proactive about this which is really good.
seeker:Yes.  I am definitely one not to give up, which is a good thing!  I appreciate your help.  I feel more positive now.
supporter:I am very glad i could be of some help. I truly believe you have this handled.
seeker:Thank you very much.  I hope you have a blessed day.
supporter:You as well!

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hi there, how are you today?
seeker:So I'm sad because it is hard for me to find a job with covid and everything and no one is willing to hire me.
seeker:I'm ok
seeker:I'm just sad
supporter:That is really hard. I know COVID has had a huge toll on folks. Do you have a good support system in place to help during this trying time? 
seeker:I do I have my bf and family around
seeker:I just want to start making a life for myself
seeker:It's hard and I don't know what to do any ideas?
supporter:That's really great! Having a good support system is important right now. I understand it's difficult to find a job during these times. 
supporter:Have you tried looking for an online only - remote position? Like some administrative work?
seeker:I have but I am having trouble finding a call monitoring job
seeker:I really would like to do that.
seeker:Any ideas on where to look?
supporter:Where are you looking for jobs right now? Some of my friends have had some success by looking on LinkedIn or Idealist. 
seeker:Hmmm Idealist would be another great source
seeker:I used Glass Door and Indeed
seeker:Any other ideas?
supporter:How about Craigslist? Not my favorite personally speaking, but might be worth taking a look. 
seeker:I will look into that as well
seeker:Thank you for your help
seeker:I am starting to feel somewhat better about my situation now
seeker:Thank you
supporter:I'm confident you'll find something! Hopefully you have some great self care practices in place that will help you through this time
seeker:I do I hope u do too
supporter:I do - thank you for checking :-) 
seeker:So how are things for u during this lockdown?
seeker:You're a Zebra to!! Yay! we're both Zebras together. :)
supporter:I'm an introvert / homebody so it's been fairly easy for me. I have a lot of projects at home that I enjoy doing (reading, puzzles, meditating, yoga, etc) that keep me busy. I was also, very lucky to be able to keep my full-time job so that keeps me fairly busy most days. But I like a change of scenery and do Mturk tasks for fun
seeker:I'm the same way
seeker:I do to and plus it gives u extra cash
supporter:yes! not a whole lot honestly, but i like it.
seeker:I just want this to be over with I want to go back to normal
seeker:That is true though
supporter:I agree! It would be nice to have more options of things to do. I do miss going to the library and reading or a museum. Hoping more people will start to wear masks and really start to take this seriously

seeker:Hello
supporter:Good afternoon!  What can I help you with today?
seeker:I've been feeling a lot of pressure and stress lately due to school
supporter:Oof, yes, school can be a tough situation.   Are you close to the end of the semester?  
supporter:That can be both a relief and stressful, because a break is near, but all the exams and projects are due.
seeker:Yes, I am a little more than halfway done with the semester
seeker:The thing is that I am in a doctoral program, so even though the semester is close to the end, I always need to continue working 
supporter:Ahh, I see.  That is a great deal of time and work.  What are you studying?  
seeker:It is... I am in psychology
seeker:I have to work on my thesis on the side even with all of my classes and I have a hard time managing my time and keeping track 
supporter:Time management can be very difficult with a normal class load, that sounds exhausting.  
seeker:It is!
supporter:Do calendars help you at all?  I am a super visual person, so calendars and planners are invaluable to me, as well as different colors of ink and labels so I can visually divide my attention
supporter:Getting a million different colors of pens and highlighters changed my organization for the better.  
seeker:I do keep a physical and electronic agenda, but I feel like even if I write down my tasks, I find a way to procrastinate which is what I am having trouble with
supporter:Also, setting clear boundaries for your study/work and relax times may help.  I like to set a timer for, say, 45 minutes, and work/write/read/study for that long, then, I get a 10 minute break.  I'll go outside, refresh my coffee, grab a snack, dance to some music, stretch, then set another timer for 45 minutes, then another break for 10 minutes.  That allows my brain to take a second and refresh from the work.
seeker:That is actually very helpful, I'll take note of it
seeker:I think it would help to fix break times so I can actually focus on working 
supporter:Or, like, today, I woke up and spent half an hour allowing myself to drink my coffee and scroll through Reddit.  Then it was time to work on my group project for 45 minutes, then a break, then I worked again, took a break, went to a class, etc.  Scheduling your breaks can be helpful too so your lizard brain doesn't freak out and go "WE ARE GOING TO BE WORKING FOREVERRRR"
seeker:I agree!!! That really is helpful, thank you
supporter:which, for me at least, is where the fatigue sets in.  You're very welcome!  I hope I was helpful.  You seem positive and willing to try new things, and I think you will be successful even if you are tired. 
seeker:The pandemic hasn't really helped either
seeker:I'm always locked in my apartment and staying sitting down in front of my computer all day
supporter:Definitely not.  Everyone's Maslow hierarchy getting knocked out from under them is extremely disconcerting.  
seeker:Hahaha, Maslow, i like it.
supporter:Like how is a person supposed to study, self-actualize, when we literally don't know what will happen next?  
seeker:I agree! I've also been turning to drugs a lot lately due to the situation. Procrastinating makes me feel guilty, and I end my day too early to smoke and focus my mind on something other than studying....
supporter:Are there aspects of your study that you dislike, or are you just ready to be done with school?  Little of column A + column b?
seeker:Hm, I think it has less to do with liking or disliking, and more with starting a very hard and lengthy degree online without any social contact
supporter:Ah, yes, that makes sense.  And working from home is infamously hard, again, for lack of boundaries, so in addition to just not seeing people and getting the casual affirmation and confirmation messages on a daily basis of like "hey Jim you did a great job on that spreadsheet" or "Haha Jessica you're so funny", we also are writing papers in our pajamas and bedclothes, which makes it seem interminable.
seeker:Ugh exactly
supporter:Listening to lectures while the doorbell is ringing and it's just so strange and we aren't set up to do it.  That's why I'm a big fan of specific spaces in my house since March.  I tried to sit in bed with my laptop and do things but 1. I'm old and it hurts my wrists and 2. my headspace is so completely different from being my computer chair and at my desk.  I try to be really strict about where I do my work., maybe trying to structure that a bit could help you feel a little more in control of the work load and your day's schedule.  
seeker:I agree, that makes a lot of sense! Thank you 
seeker:You have been a big help today and I really feel listened and understood. I really appreciate it
supporter:I am very glad to hear that!  You sound motivated to succeed and I think that you deserve to take care of yourself and stay healthy to complete your studies.  It will be hard but it will also be worth it, and you should be proud.  Good luck with everything!  
seeker:Wow, thank you! 
seeker:Have a great day 
supporter:Thank you!  You too!

supporter:Hi there, how are we doing today?
seeker:Okay how are you?
supporter:Im doing great thanks. Anything on your mind today?
seeker:Just pondering microcheating and wondering why someone who I do not like that way would be considered microcheating
supporter:And what do you mean by microcheating?
seeker:It is a new thing like having a man you like that you check up on on social media even though you are in a relationship, or eating lunch with the same woman or man that you like but you don't act on because you are married. 
supporter:Oh i see, well i think overthinking things like that can lead to unwanted emotions. Or putting yourself in a situation with another person when you are in a relationship might mean there are other issues going on.
seeker:Yes i see that. No nothing else going on just thinking that the definition maybe shouldn't be as exact for the type of person that I do not talk to because of his reservations about it.
supporter:Well, if you are not talking to them then i see no harm. If you are talking to them with some sort of intention to for a relationship beyond friendship then i see issues arising.
seeker:That is what I feel. I am not talking to him. I had to the other day to get in contact with someone(medical emergency) but do not call just to chat and catch up. I even unfriended him. I just want to comfort him over it but I think it is best just to never speak of him again. 
seeker:Comfort my fiance 
supporter:To never speak to your fiance?
supporter:If you want to continue your relationship and you do not feel you can continue a platonic relationship with this other person then that might be best.
seeker:No I am ending my friendship with him. That is what is best.
supporter:I think it might be as well if you cannot control it. I do have to ask though, are you happy with your Fiance?
seeker:Yes very.
supporter:Then i 100% back you on your decision. Id take this time to focus on you too. Strengthen the bond a bit.
seeker:Yes, I think that would be best. I thank you for your time. 
supporter:I thank you for opening up!
seeker:It is okay see talking about this is actually microcheating. So now I am worried about that.
supporter:I really wouldnt even consider it cheating to have feelings. Acting on them or trying to strengthen them may be though.
seeker:Yes that is true. My fiance is over seas for work for the next 13 mos so I am here in the states alone. We get to talk but he isnt here with me so having no one to talk to is lonely. 
seeker:That is why I brought it up.
supporter:I see that, have you tried to talk to your friends about this issue? Or even try a therapist? Maybe you and your Fiance can figure out more times to talk with facetime or zoom. Do a virtual date night.
seeker:Yes I don't have any friend that arent men so I think therapy is going to help. I don't talk to anyone anymore. But I thank you for your time. I just wanted to clarify why I brought it up. I hope you have a good day.
supporter:I hope you do as well!
seeker:thank you

seeker:Hi. I'm a little stressed out at the moment over losing my job in the coming months.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear about that! I can totally understand why you'd be stressed. 
supporter:Is it for certain that you will lose your job?
seeker:The company I work for is winding down. i'm on the old side to be looking for a job and i'm likely going to have to accept a lower salary, a longer commute and a heavier workload. In other words, I have a job I love, close to where I live that is very manageable. I can't sleep and I'm insanely anxious all of the time.
supporter:I can feel your anxiety, and I completely understand why you're feeling that way, but you don't know for sure that will be true. Have you started looking for a new job already?
seeker:I started looking for a job last week. I had a transition meeting today to pass on the little bit of my work that will be left to another person. I have 2 children; one who just started college this fall and another who is a junior in high school. my elderly mother lives with me also so I can't sell my house any time soon and move into something smaller and cheaper. I feel really trapped at the moment.  
supporter:It definitely sounds like you're being overwhelmed with a lot of responsibilities along with your job loss. It's definitely a lot of things to deal with all at once, but it would help to break things down so they're more manageable. Do you have anyone close by who can help you out? 
seeker:i have friends and family close by. i don't like to burden people with my problems. I know i also don't adjust well to change and that doesn't help.
seeker:breaking issues down into groups is helpful and may take away some of the enormity of everything.
supporter:I understand completely. I used to bottle things up too, but I've learned that the people who love you won't think you're a burden if you ask for help or just to have someone blow off some steam. 
supporter:Changes are definitely scary, but they can also be a great opportunity to do something different. Is there anything you want to try doing?
seeker:I've always been reluctant to ask for help or favors because i keep thinking there will always be a time down the road where i will need something more. it's helpful to have someone remind me that change isn't always a bad thing. thank you.
seeker:I'll talk to some friends to see if anyone has some good budget cutting tricks. I'll continue to look for a job and i'll try to calm down a little for now.
supporter:It sounds like you're very self-aware and I think your friends and family will be very willing to lend a hand. 
seeker:i am  aware of many things including how truly fortunate i am to have my family, friends and health. I really appreciate your kind words and calming suggestions.
seeker:thank you again.
supporter:Yes, your family, friends, and health are all really important! I hope you stay safe!
seeker:You too.
supporter:I hope you get to enjoy the coming holidays with your family and friends! 
seeker:and you as well.
supporter:You're welcome! Have a great day. 
seeker:Have a great day too!
supporter:I hope I was able to help.
seeker:you did.

supporter:Good morning!  What can I help you with this morning?  
supporter:Are you there?  
seeker:hi. i was discontinued from my studies due to some financial problem
supporter:That is a very tough situation to be in, I'm sorry you're having to deal with that.  
supporter:Are you having to move home or were you taking online classes?  
seeker:i am staying with my parents.
seeker:i am thinking of applying an online job but i am afraid that i can't manage both my studies and job 
seeker:thinking about it makes me frustrating and sad
supporter:That is understandable.  So you aren't having to discontinue your studies immediately?  
seeker:i have discontinued it already
supporter:Okay, thank you for clarifying :-)  Your frustration is understandable.  Having a job while being in school can be tough, that is true.  However if you are discerning you could get a job that would have flexible hours, especially if you let them know beforehand that you're planning on getting back into school as soon as possible.  
seeker:yes. thank you for concern
supporter:When I was in college, I worked for the school and the library.  It was not a lot of money, but in addition to a small check, it made me more indispensable to the university.  
supporter:I think you would be able to handle both, as long as you are clear from the beginning about what you need from the job.  Too often we are supposed to feel like we need to beg for a job, when in fact, you are interviewing them as well.  
seeker:i think i can also follow this idea.
supporter:You should also explore any and all financial aid offers they can give you.  More than once I have been told that not as many people apply for scholarships and grants as you think.  
supporter:But regardless of whether you're able to balance the two things, even if you are not, your mental health is very important, and you should try to take it easy on yourself.  
seeker:I think i can cope upwith my situation with this advice of you.thank you
seeker:what are you doing lately
supporter:You're very welcome, I think you are capable of more than you think.  
supporter:I work from home and also take a few online classes.
seeker:oh so kind of you
seeker:oh so you are tutoring classes
seeker:thats interesting
supporter:I actually am getting a second degree in religious studies

seeker:I am so embarassed and saddened.
seeker:I can not believe he cheated on me.
seeker:I thought we were going to work out. I was really attracted into him and I cared for him a lot.
seeker:I wanted to date him longer.
seeker:Thank Goodness I did not sleep with him. What a disaster.
seeker:Why are men like this?
seeker:Why do they break women's hearts?
seeker:I wish there were more decent men out there that did not play around.
seeker:Men can be such pigs!
supporter:what happened?
seeker:I met a handsome intelligent man.
supporter:how  are you feeling lately?
seeker:We dated for a month.
seeker:Then out of nowhere he cheated on me.
seeker:I'm so sad.
seeker:I am just trying to understand what I did wrong.
supporter:it's okay. we should learn from things like this.
seeker:That's true.
seeker:It's crazy we have to experience heart ache.
seeker:To learn...
supporter:don't think much and keep yourself engaged in the activities you like the most.
seeker:Hey, that is great advice!
supporter:can you tell me how are you before this incident?
seeker:I was happy.
seeker:But when a man breaks your heart, it makes you feel very ugly.
supporter:can you share me some happy memories which made you smile
supporter:can you share me some happy memories which made you smile
seeker:Sure, I love going to the movies! How about you!
supporter:it's okay. i can understand.
supporter:yeah me too. i love movies and traveling.
seeker:Are you American?
supporter:I love traveling to new places.
seeker:Yes traveling is what we are made to do as humans!
supporter:yes, i am an american.what about you
seeker:Same
supporter:well, just think of some happy memories and try to spend time with people who value you the most.
seeker:Yes, thank you for the great advice!
seeker:Like Thanksgiving, I hope you have wonderful memories with your friends and family next week.
supporter:oh, thats nice of you.thank you
seeker:You are very welcomed!
supporter:you too!
seeker:Well what are you having for lunch?
supporter:i had my breakfast just now. i am planning to cook some beef for lunch.what about you
seeker:Spicy pork tamales.. I like that not thinking about my break up makes me happy. Like talking to you about whatever else.

seeker:Hi, I'm very depressed and sad.
seeker:Please help
seeker:Please help me I need help
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why you feel depressed and sad?
seeker:I think it's because of my poor relationships in life
supporter:Have you tried taking some deep breaths to help you right now?
seeker:I'll try and see if that calms me down.
supporter:Tell me more about the poor relationships you have
seeker:My family doesn't like me because I'm bad at school. My friends don't really like me or talk to me much. I feel alone.
supporter:Are you able to talk to anyone about this? Someone who will at least listen to you talk?
seeker:Not really. I try to talk to my friends but they avoid me.
supporter:Maybe you could take one person aside by themselves and talk privately about your feeling?
seeker:That seems like a good idea.
supporter:Yes, just wait for the right time when the person is alone and ask if you could talk.
seeker:I'll try to do that, thank you.
supporter:Remember to take deep breaths, wait for the right time and see if that works for you. I know you can do it.
seeker:Thank you so much. I feel like I can talk to someone now.
supporter:I have faith in you. Is there anything else we need to talk about?
seeker:No, I'm okay. I feel a little better. I hope I'll be able to talk to a friend soon 
seeker:Sad!
seeker:Actually I need more help
supporter:Remember, the outcome may not be perfect but slowly things will come together. Take it one step at a time.
seeker:What step should I take after this one?
supporter:See if the conversation gives you some insight on how things could be better. Maybe you could see things from someone else's perspective.
seeker:Thank you so much!! You're helping me a ton
supporter:Would you be willing to give it a try?
seeker:Yes, of course~
supporter:Also, if that works, then build from there. Remain calm and little by little talk about your concerns.
seeker:That seems very, very smart. Thank you
seeker:Im ok noq
seeker:now
supporter:Get some good sleep the night before you try having the conversation so you are at your best.
seeker:Yes, I promise I will. I'm going to go rest now. Thank you again.
supporter:You are welcome. 

supporter:Good morning!  What can I help you with today?
seeker:Hi, i've been feeling really depressed lately and I'd like to talk to someone about it
supporter:That is very understandable.  Depression is tough to deal with.  
supporter:Do you have specific things that are causing you sadness right now or is it an overall feeling of being sad?
seeker:It's a bit of everything. I've recently lost my job and I'm just really worried about how my bills are going to get paid. I feel so tired, you know?
supporter:I totally understand.  Losing your job is a very rough thing to go through, I'm sorry that happened to you.  Feeling constantly at red alert is taxing both mentally and physically.  
supporter:There is a concept called Maslow's hierarchy of needs, and sometimes I find it useful to think about if my needs are being met, and which is lacking.  Which is to say, obviously financial security is your primary need at the moment, but there are other needs you must attend to as well, including your physical comforts.  
supporter:In times of great stress and upheaval, there is only so much you can do.  The rest is worry, a hamster running in a wheel, a huge output of energy that does nothing at all.  
seeker:Yeah that makes sense but I've spent so much time thinking about my finances that I've sort of burned myself out
seeker:Like I have no energy even to be thankful for the other little stuff
supporter:That makes sense.  You sound emotionally exhausted.  
seeker:Definitely, I feel like I could sleep forever but with my kids to worry about I don't have that option
supporter:Gratitude is one of those things, I've found, that is self-perpetuating.  Even if you begin by doing it robotically, eventually your mind and heart will want to be more sincerely grateful.  I have in the past challenged myself to find five things to be grateful for in the morning and write them down.  Whether those things are "I have hot coffee and electricity" or "I won $1000 for free", they will begin to start a small fire of joy.
seeker:Messages could work, I could stick them around and I guess they coudl help not just me but my little ones too because I'm sure my moods been affecting them as well
supporter:That sounds like a great idea!  It sounds like you care a lot about your kids, I bet it's easy for you to be grateful for them :-) 
supporter:And I know that they are grateful for you, whether they are able to articulate that or not
seeker:Absolutely the little terrors are the reason I get up in the morning. I can't let them down, you know
seeker:Their dad's not arpund so its just us
seeker:I'm all they've got
supporter:Well that is an enormous amount of responsibility that has been placed upon your shoulders, but your attitude seems extremely pleasant and positive.  It does not sound easy, but you should make sure you build in some time for yourself if you can.  
seeker:I'm going to try, the messages idea is a really good one so I think I'll give that a try. I mean I am grateful for my kids and I guess things could be worse I do still have some savings left and I can always try to get another job
supporter:You definitely have options, but your situation is still tough, and you deserve relief where you can get it. 
seeker:I'll keep that in mind but thank you for taking the time to let me get things off my chest
seeker:It really helps
supporter:Of course, I am happy if I was able to help.  You have a good heart and love your kids, you stay strong, you can do this :-)
seeker:Thank you and I'll be trying! I hope you have awesome day and thanks again
supporter:You're welcome, you too!

supporter:Hi, how are you feeling?
seeker:Hey, I'm doing good at the moment. How about yourself?
supporter:Not too bad! It looks like a lovely day out. 
seeker:Haha, I wish I could say the same. New York is depressing, cloudy and cold. 
supporter:Well make sure you're bundled up and warm!
seeker:I got the heater on and a sweater, working from home so it's not too bad.
supporter:Sounds cozy. Glad to hear that you're staying safe indoors! 
seeker:Yeah it's a good benefit, especially with covid going on
supporter:Definitely! How are you dealing with the pandemic? It's been a long year.
seeker:Not too bad, still have limited work and all remote so wont complain. But the expenses are tough.
seeker:How about you, hope your well
supporter:I'm not too bad, but cases are also going up here in California. Luckily, my family and I haven't gotten sick. 
seeker:Thanks good to hear, New York was doing well up until the holidays season. Now we might get another lockdown. 
supporter:I think that's true for a lot of states since cases seem to be going up everywhere, unfortunately. What are your plans for the holidays?
seeker:Mostly stay home with the family, try to save money and cut expenses this year. How about you?
supporter:We're planning on camping in the desert. That's a good idea to save money. How do you plan on saving money?
seeker:No gifts giving and going make a modest size home made family dinner for thanksgiving this year. Usually we go visit family out state. We just want to get out of debt this year and save for next year. 
seeker:Coivd really humbled us. But it's a good thing
supporter:Those are all really good ideas, and it sounds like you know what's really important! It's definitely been a tough year, but it's also good to look ahead and plan for the future. 
seeker:Yes, thanks for the chat. Love the positive vibes!
supporter:It's been great chatting with you too! Hope you and your loved ones stay safe out there!

seeker:Hi How are you today? 
supporter:I'm doing fine today. How are you feeling?
seeker:I'm feeling a little bit anxious today. 
supporter:Can I ask why that is?
seeker:I really dropped the ball at work today and I'm so worried that I'm going to get let go. 
supporter:Would you like to talk more about it? What is making you feel that way?
seeker:I thought I had everything set up for one of my resident's at a new placement and I called today to confirm and they told me the bed was no longer available. My boss is very intense and I'm scared that when I tell her she will let me go. 
supporter:I see. It seems as though you've done your best, but I understand your feelings. Is it possible you can speak with your boss about it and explain?
seeker:I can try that but my boss is very neurotic and I don't think she will want to hear my explanations. 
supporter:I understand that, I also had a boss who acted this way. I can feel how stressed you are about this. Is there anything you think you can do to jump ahead of the situation?
seeker:I could call the facility and find out when there next opening is and try to see if I can have the client placed on a waitlist so that he can be moved sooner. 
supporter:I think that would be a great solution to your problem. I also think you can try some breathing exercises to help you be less anxious. 
seeker:That would actually be helpful. I always forget to do my breathing exercises. 
supporter:Is there anything else you ussually do to help you relax?
seeker:I listen to music or watch a funny show on TV. 
supporter:That seems like a great way to relax! I know that's what helps me as well. 
seeker:Thank you. You have been very helpful. I think I'm going to listen to some music while I do some deep breathing exercises. 
supporter:I hope that helps, and I hope everything goes great with your boss!
seeker:Me too! Thanks for the support. 
supporter:You can always come back for more support if needed!
seeker:Thanks so much. 

seeker:my boss/ director basically ignores me because I am female in a male domain, I work any time of day or night and I get nothing but grief from him
seeker:anyone there
supporter:I can understand feeling neglected in a male dominated field. Is there any one that you could discuss with that is higher up or in HR?
seeker:No they are all male and he is the golden child anyway
supporter:Is this a family owned company?
seeker:no corporate
supporter:That is stressful, being a female myself I can completely understand the stress and pressure. 
supporter:Is there any options of looking for other, possibly better, employment in your area? 
seeker:so what is the best thing for me how to handle this
seeker:you think I should just quitt?
seeker:I have now 10 years in with them, he just became my boss due to a merger
supporter:i wouldn't quit if you are not prepared to, but i would weigh options of looking for somewhere that would appreciate your efforts in a work place. With 10+ years of experience any company would be more than happy to have a dedicated worker with them. 
seeker:so you think i should at least look for something new ?
supporter:Or even inquire about transferring to another location if that would be a possibility?
seeker:I think that might be I would just increase my commute 
seeker:it makes me sad though to see it come to something like this, you work and do whatever and then you get beat up
supporter:if it would be more beneficial mentally it could help, and could never hurt to ask for a raise due to the situation. If there is an HR department, I would discuss with them while seeing what other positions may be opening in the area that fit your criteria employment. There is a lot of options that are becoming available that are more beneficial for employees than they imagined. 
seeker:there is an HR department  maybe i should try talking to them, even though they seem not approachable. 
supporter:unfortunately, most places of employment take advantage of their good workers cause they feel they can get away with it and they will leave. But, at the end of the day, your well being is important.
seeker:very true I think I will take your advise and see what happens
seeker:maybe something good will come out of it
supporter:Yes, absolutely! If they have an anonymous contact line that may be able to help ease into the conversation , I would start there. I wish you the absolute best of luck and be thinking of your well being!
seeker:Thanks for your advise
supporter:Of course. Have a good day and good luck!
seeker:same to you i will do what you said 

seeker:hello
supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:i am ok so far
supporter:What brings you here today?
seeker:i am depressed
seeker:and need some inspiration
supporter:Depression can be hard to deal with. What do you think is contributing to your depression?
seeker:Covid-19
seeker:and money issues
supporter:Yeah, this has really been a hard time for all of us. How has it impacted you personally?
seeker:my mom and sister had caught the virus they are doing ok now but it was rough
supporter:I can understand how hard that must have been. I'm glad they are doing ok now though! 
seeker:yeah me too
supporter:How have you been using your time during the crisis?
seeker:yeah mostly working and meditation
supporter:That's great! Meditation is also something I've picked up during this time. It's really helpful and can keep you balanced. Do you have a routine or do you just do it sporadically?
seeker:i mostly do it sporadically but i do need to do it more often
supporter:It's great to try to integrate it into your day. All of us tend to have at least a few moments each day to ourselves. Even if it's during a shower or bathroom break, you really can meditate anywhere! It's all about being in the here and now.
seeker:so true
supporter:When things get stressful, meditation can be difficult. Sometimes we get wrapped up so much in our emotions that trying to center yourself and focus on your breathing and the moment can be hard. One thing I've learned to be helpful when I'm stressed is to breathe in through my nose while internally counting to three and out through my mouth counting to three. The counting tends to distract my mind from whatever stressful thing I was thinking of before.
seeker:i like that thank you for the tip i must use that more often
supporter:You're welcome! Is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
seeker:no that will be thanx for listening to me
supporter:My pleasure! I hope things start to look up for you. This has been a difficult time for all of us, but we'll pull through together! Nice speaking with you. Have a great day!

seeker:I'm so depressed, I just got layed off.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that, did you apply for unemployment benefit? That at least can help you financially until you get a new job
seeker:Yes, it will take weeks and the holidays are just around the corner.
supporter:It sucks it happens so close to the holidays. I understand it's hard to accept but I 'd recommend talking with someone close to you like a friend and family member
seeker:I know, with all the other crap going on now everyone else has their own problems they don't want to hear mine.
supporter:I'm sure someone will be there for you, they know you need them the most right now
supporter:If you don't feel comfortable talking to them, you can seek online therapist. There are a lot of free service for mental car. 
seeker:They're busy with other people's problems. I'll deal with it.
supporter:It's not gonna be easy, but at the same time not impossible. Try looking at it a different way. You can use this time to train your skills or do things that you've wanted to but didn't have the time
seeker:I wanted to travel but that's not a good idea right now.
supporter:You can still travel domestically or just around your city. I like taking a walk in the park or wandering downtown to clear my mind.
seeker:I live in a small town and were are suppose to self quarantine unless we have to leave the house for work or go to the store.
supporter:that really sucks. Do you have a garden at home?
supporter:In the mean time, try following youtube or other channels to work out, it helps you distract from current issue and also makes you healthier. A healthy body is needed for a healthy mind
seeker:I did, everything is gone now. .
supporter:what have you been doing lately?
seeker:I do like to cook. I'll probable do more of that now.
supporter:that's a great idea, cooking and doing crafts can be helpful for you
supporter:Instead of complaining with others, you can just invite them to join cooking with you, that way you can have companion.
seeker:That is a good idea but nobody is suppose to go to other peoples houses.
supporter:you can do video chat while cooking. I do virtual happy hour with my friends right now too
seeker:I think I may start making my own beer. Two birds one stone.
supporter:haha good idea
seeker:Thanks for the help have a good evening.
supporter:you too, i hope things get better for yourself
seeker:Thanks,

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Good evening, what is going on?
seeker:Hi. I have finals coming up and I am so so nervous about taking these tests.
supporter:What about the exams is making you nervous?
seeker:Taking them. I'm afraid I'm going to do poorly and have to retake the classes.
supporter:What steps have you taken to make sure you do not do poorly?
seeker:I study and I have gone to all my classes but I feel like I don't know the information well enough. 
supporter:That is understandable. Sometimes we feel like we do not know enough. Have you tried to have someone quiz you?
seeker:Yes. I didn't do well on my quizzes. 
supporter:Okay, since you didn't do well, it seems you can pinpoint what you need to work on. That is a good starting point. 
seeker:Yes, that is a good point. I need to manage my nervousness too because it causes me to make silly mistakes.
supporter:Depending on how far your exams are, you can create a plan. Practice what you don't know daily, until you do know it. 
seeker:That's really good advice.
supporter:Just trying to make life easier for others. Sometimes we don't see our solutions because of our anxiety. 
seeker:Yes and it's definitely causing me to not think clearly.
supporter:Its best to take deep breaths and talk to someone who will help guide you. 
seeker:I agree. I just feel bad burdening people with my issues .
supporter:Don't be. You would be surprised how many people are willing to help. Websites like Reddit are filled with many people wanting to give advice. 
seeker:Okay, I will give Teddit a whirl.
seeker:sorry Reddit
supporter:I hope it helps for future endeavors
seeker:Thank you for taking the time to chat with me.
seeker:I appreciate your advice.v
seeker:advice*
supporter:You are welcome :)

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi. How can I help?
seeker:I've just really been experiencing a very tough time lately. 
supporter:What has happened? I know that sometimes life can get tough and just know that you are not alone. Sometimes the toughest parts of life, make us so much stronger. 
seeker:Well, it started with a break up. My boyfriend and I dated for 7 years and suddenly out of nowhere, he dumps me over text. I keep blaming myself and my body for this.
supporter:Why do you think it's your body? I am sure that your body is just fine! Have you thought about taking up a hobby or activity to get your mind off of it? 
seeker:I have thought about it, but I don't know where to start.
supporter:I understand. What kinds of things do you enjoy? I have found that exercise is great for mental health and such a good way to take your mind off of things. Have you ever felt interested in any psychical activities? 
seeker:I have been thinking about working out more, but I feel like I don't know where to start when I go to the gym. 
supporter:Do you have any friends or family to help you? I know exactly what you mean. Starting a new activity can be so hard when you aren't familiar. One thing that you might find helpful is to join in a group class at the gym. Do you think you'd like that?
seeker:I do have a cousin who likes to work out. That's a great idea. I should ask her. I've been pretty lonely, so it might be good to get out and meet people. Maybe a class would help me meet people too! 
supporter:That's great! Do you know what kind of class would be of interest? I think that you have the tools to be who you want to be. It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders and I think you'll be just fine! You may even find a life long passion or friendship! You never know what is around the corner. 
seeker:Maybe yoga? Or perhaps a hit class? I will look online right away! I am very excited for this. I feel a bit better and I really appreciate your help.
supporter:Those both sounds great! Yoga is great for the body and the mind! I will sometimes just do it to clear my mind after a tough day. If your nervous about it, you could try out a few online classes first to see what to expect. 
seeker:That is such a good idea. I often feel nervous going into a situation I'm not familiar and I feel like everyone will judge me. 
supporter:That's understandable. Everyone has insecurities in unfamiliar places but in reality, most people are too wrapped up in their own heads they don't even notice anything else. You just have to feel confident and not worry about what other people think, that will set you free. 

supporter:Hi, How may I help you today?
seeker:Hi, just needed some support for an issue 
supporter:Sure, I'd be glad to help you.  Can you tell me more about the issue?
seeker:Sure, that would be fine. Can I ask first how you're doing today?
supporter:I'm feeling well, thank you!
seeker:That's good. The issue that I'm having is that I can't find a job/path in life, feels like I'm really struggling all the time 
supporter:It sounds like you are working really hard, but struggling in job finding, is that right?
seeker:Yeah that's correct
supporter:I've often struggled with the same thing often sending out hundreds of resumes waiting for a response.  
seeker:Yeah, tell me about it, it can be a real headache to say the least 
supporter:It sounds like you are stressed about the situation and looking for a solution to move forward.
seeker:Yeah, exactly. Do you have any suggestions that could help with this? Seems like I'm going in circles 
supporter:Have you tried speaking to job coaches or college counselors? They often have experience in this area and can be of support.
seeker:No I haven't reached out to anyone besides family, but that might be a good idea, getting a professional to help me out with some options 
supporter:Have you thought of trying to search online?  You may be able to seek out different colleges and careers which may give you ideas and options you didn't explore before.
seeker:Yeah, I do most of my searching online, but maybe it's where I've been going that hasn't been helping much. Do you have any suggested websites or apps I could try out?
supporter:It sounds like you have been working hard looking for online options but maybe didn't find exactly what you are looking for.  Perhaps searching specific colleges in your state or areas of interest may help.  Also, career websites or job sites may help explore ideas as well as civil service career options.
seeker:That's a good idea, yeah I think I really need more options out there. But I do like your idea of talking to a professional or career counselor, maybe they'll be able to help me in more ways than I can help myself. I'm definitely going to try that!
supporter:I'm glad that you were able to get some ideas to try  and wish you well on your search.  Is there anything else I can assist you with at this time?
seeker:No, that's all right. Thanks for the suggestions, you've been really helpful, I'm going to try some of those out! 
supporter:Great that sounds wonderful that you are trying out some ideas and keeping positive!
seeker:thanks again! bye!
supporter:Have a nice day!  Bye!

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hi! ��
supporter:What's on your mind today?
seeker:Thank you for asking. I'm feeling very overwhelmed at the moment. My depression and the weight of everything is getting on top of me.
supporter:How long have you been in this state?
seeker:Well, the depression has been there as long as I can remember. It fluctuates. But the last few days have been particularly challenging and it's been difficult to get out of bed in the morning.
supporter:Is there any event happened the last few days that triggered your depression?
seeker:Yes. I guess it has coincided with an increase in challenging behaviours from my children.
supporter:That is tough, having depression and dealing with children at the same time. I totally understand how you feel
supporter:I think you should first talk to your partner about your situation and ask for help from them
seeker:Thank you. Yes, he has been helpful today. He took the children to school for me so that I was able to get some things done around the house. 
supporter:That's great, you have an awesome partner. I'd recommend spending time outdoor. Getting coop up for too long indoor is damaging to your mental state
seeker:It is very challenging as they both have complex special needs. It's hard to find time and energy to operate the household in between.
supporter:Have you considered hiring caretaker?
seeker:Thank you. Yes, I haven't been out to check on the veggie garden today. That usually gives me an opportunity to calm my mind.
seeker:Unfortunately, I am not in a position to do so. There is nobody that my son would be comfortable with. But we are trying to implement some respite soon. 
supporter:whenever possible, you can take your children out with you on a trip to the park or the mountain. Nature is also good for kids with special need.
seeker:Most certainly. We try often to explore our natural environment. It can be limiting due to our daughter's physical disability but we manage the best we can to include her.
supporter:You are such a great mom, I can totally see how much you sacrificed for them. But please take care of yourself, i think you should see a therapist and get proper treatment
supporter:If you do not do well, how can you care for you family?
seeker:Thank you. I will definitely touch base again with my therapist soon. I have a follow up psychiatrist appointment next month too. In the mean time, I will definitely put some of these things you've recommended in to practice. ☺️
seeker:You are right. I do need to take care of me. I need to stop feeling guilty for needing to do that.
supporter:Exercising might be helpful too. I like doing yoga or pilates, it really eases my mind when I have too much going on
seeker:Thank you. Yes, I need to get back in to the Ring Fit adventure on the Switch. It definitely helps my my and body feel stronger.
supporter:I believe you will overcome this!
seeker:Thank you!

supporter:Hi, what can I help you?
seeker:I am getting ready to sue my mother and am very nervous about the ordeal.
supporter:You're worried about being in court against your mother or are you worried about your relationship after that?
seeker:Both
supporter:Can you tell me about the situation, why did you decide to sue her?
seeker:My stepdad raped me and got me pregnant and I delivered a still born and i just remember the incident happened 23 years later. So now I am suing my mother.
seeker:instead of pressing charges because my sister and I dont want it in the papers
supporter:So she knew about the incident but did nothing to help you?
seeker:yes
seeker:she did not believe me
supporter:that sucks, I understand why you resent her so much
supporter:I cannot help with your worry about going to court, however, i can offer some help regarding your relationship
seeker:yes it is very difficult but im not as upset as i was i cried a lot
supporter:Crying is good, you shouldn't bottle your emotions
supporter:Have to talked to anyone in your family about this beside your sister?
seeker:yes i am kinda numb to it but I have to call the police dept tomorrow for a copy of the police report from when my step dad took the baby to them and I dont want to
seeker:No nobody knows except one cousin from my biological dads side
supporter:You should talk to someone you trust, they might be able to give you specific advice regarding your situation
seeker:that might help, i am just nervous about this whole thing i am estranged from my family for the most part so 
supporter:Also, you seem to still care about your mom despite what she did. Did you consider reaching out to her after the court?
seeker:yes i imagine that we will talk
supporter:Maybe talk to your friends, it's easier for people of similar age to empathize with you
seeker:i do not have many friends really
supporter:Try to keep your cool, let her know you did it because you wanted justice.
seeker:yes that is what i am worried about thank you that is really good line i can use when she asks me why
supporter:If you still care about her, make sure to let her know you don't hate or resent her and you still hope to be able to fix your relationship
seeker:yes but what she did you really can't move past a certain point of tolorence and forgivness so i will always wish she had believed me 
supporter:I understand you, it's normal to feel what you feel. It's a terrible situation and what she did really is unforgivable
seeker:yes it is. but i basically do its just i feel that she doesn't love me 
supporter:I don't think she doesn't love you. Maybe she just didn't want to believe it happened
supporter:You should definitely let her know that
seeker:yes i think you are right. I think that my time is running out. i will thank you. I am going to go now.
supporter:Sueing won't solve anything, you have to talk to your mom and get all the knots in your mind out
supporter:good luck with your court
seeker:i will tell her thank you 

seeker:I'm still sad about it.
seeker:Do you think I should contact him?
supporter:Please tell me more about your story
seeker:I am living abroad and was really into this guy. We dated for almost a year but both wanted to do our summer vacation with friends. When he got back, he told me he was with another girl. I broke up with him. Now I miss him. 
seeker:I want to call him or text.
supporter:Please don't do that. You made the right decision to break up with him as he doesn't respect you at al
seeker:It was just one time, but I wonder if he'd do it again.
seeker:But I thought I'd live in this other country forever and we'd be together. Now I may have to go home.
supporter:I would say this, if he does it once, he will do it again
seeker:How can I know that for sure?
supporter:Maybe going home isn't too bad after all. You may even meet someone better there
supporter:From my experience, people who cheat always cheat again
seeker:I really like it here though, and with Covid, it's hard to think about traveling.
seeker:Has someone cheated on you?
supporter:Luckily I have never been in that situation but my friends have
seeker:It never happened to me before.
seeker:I feel betrayed.
supporter:But trust me, you made the right decision. If anything, it proves you're a strong and independent person
seeker:Maybe I'll just go home for the holiday season.
supporter:People can only love and respect you when you treat yourself that way
supporter:That's a great idea! Spend time with your friends and family, who actually care about you and your feelings
seeker:I wanted to throw something at him, I was so mad. But I just made him leave.
supporter:You are very mature. Anyone in that situation would feel the same.
seeker:Thank you. It was hard not to let my emotions get the best of me. I don't even know why he told me. But I guess it's good he did.
supporter:He did a good thing at least, being honest with you. However, cheating, even just once, is something I always warn people 
seeker:I don't know if it was good. Maybe he was just being mean. 
seeker:It's nice of you to listen. Thank you for all your advice.
seeker:i hope I can travel home safely now.
seeker:And maybe come back in January.
supporter:I know it's useless to tell you to not be sad. Go ahead and let it all out by crying or screaming but please know you didn't do anything wrong
supporter:I hope I can be help
seeker:I just hope I don't see him before I go home.
seeker:Except deep down I wish I could.
seeker:Thank you very much. You have been kind to listen.
supporter:No problem. and don't see him again, it's tough but it's better that way
seeker:Have a good rest of the night.
seeker:Bye bye
supporter:you too, i hope you feel better

seeker:I am anxious right now about how my family will react when I tell them I'm not coming back for the holidays
seeker:Hello?
seeker:Are you there?
supporter:yes
supporter:i am here
supporter:Why are you not coming back?
seeker:Because of the health risks and also the unhealthy emotional environment with my family
supporter:What kind of health risks are you concerned about? I imagine that hasn't been easy couple with the tough home environment.
seeker:Health risks are primarily the pandemic. Covid-19 cases have gotten very high where I live and my family members are not very careful.
supporter:I think you are doing the right thing by being careful. During these times, keeping loved ones safe is more important than having gatherings.
supporter:Do you think it would be helpful to express those health concerns with your family?
seeker:I'm glad you said that. Yes, when I told my family that I wasn't coming, I stated health risks as the reason. But, I am worried that they may insist on me attending as we get closer to the holidays and in some ways I feel guilty because it isn't just the pandemic that makes me not want to go. I usually don't feel great during holidays with my family and I think they are harmful to me overall
supporter:I understand how you feel. I'm currently saving up to move out myself because I think it would give me a chance to think for myself.
seeker:Yeah, I think people deserve to build whatever home, family, or environment is best for them and shouldn't be judged for it
supporter:I don't think you should feel guilty about that because you are looking out for yourself which is the most important thing. And it always helps to voice your feelings to your family. Whether or not they choose to accept it, just getting things off your chest can help too.
seeker:Yes, it made me feel powerful in some way to say no to going to holidays even if it was in the context of the pandemic
seeker:Thank you for helping me. It feels good to at least talk about it.
supporter:That's good! It's definitely a great thing to look out for yourself rather than trying to please people all the time especially if it makes you feel uncomfortable in the process.
supporter:You are very welcome, I can relate so I definitely understand where you are coming from.

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello
seeker:I just don't feel enthused about anything lately.
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. How do you feel right now? 
seeker:Just kind of "blah."
supporter:I understand that feeling. Have you lost interest in things that you normally would enjoy? 
seeker:I don't know that I have exactly lost interest.  I still do them, but somehow it feels like I'm just going through the motions.
supporter:I can relate to that. Have you thought about trying something new, or taking up a new hobby? That has helped me before
seeker:Not really.  I guess that I'm just kind of stuck in a rut.
supporter:Would you be willing to try a new hobby to make each day less monotonous? 
seeker:Yes, I would be, but I'm not sure that it actually needs to be a new hobby.  I just need to have some sort of project that I'm working on.
supporter:Maybe a new home improvement project?
seeker:No!  I've got a jigsaw puzzle that I could start, and I also have a list of "21 books that you've been meaning to read."
supporter:Those both sound like great ideas! I think starting one, or both, would really make you feel a lot better. 
seeker:If I start working through the 21 books, that should keep me going for quite a while (even if I'm not interested in all of them)!
supporter:I believe it will also help give you a sense of accomplishment. I know that it would me
seeker:I agree.
supporter:Perfect! It sounds like you may have found a solution to help you get out of this rut and "blah" feeling
seeker:Thanks for chatting.
supporter:I hope that you start feeling better. I'm glad we were able to chat
seeker:It was helpful for me to have a chance to put my feelings into words.  It just seems like I haven't had the opportunity to do that recently.
supporter:I glad that you were able to talk about how you are feeling. That is a big step in feeling better
seeker:I believe that we've successfully completed the task, and I need to go cook dinner.   Goodbyt.
supporter:Enjoy your dinner! Goodbye

seeker:Hi there
supporter:Hello, how are you today
seeker:I've been better. I have to give a presentation at work on a stage. This is causing me a lot of stress and problems sleeping
supporter:What about giving a presentation gave you stress?
seeker:It is the thought of getting nervous in front of people and forgetting what I want to say.
supporter:Have you taken steps to help you overcome this fear, such as rehearsing in front of the mirror or in front of another person?
seeker:I have learned my lines and practiced at home a lot. I know what to say almost word for word but I had a bad experience in the past that has scared me.
supporter:I understand giving presentations is nervewrecking, but at least you are trying. Are you allowed to take a few notecards just in case?
seeker:Thanks for understanding, yeah I suppose I could take notes. I think it is being in front of people and looking foolish that I'm scared of the most. I know a lot of people at work and don;t want them to think I'm bad on stage. Can you related to that?
supporter:I can definitely relate. It is best to look past the audience and just focus on an object close by. Everyone of us have had to experience this. You are not alone. 
seeker:Hopefully I can try to get past the nerves, some people make it look easy. I'm usually really confident but something about standing on a stage makes me feel very scared and anxious.
supporter:Before you go on, try taking a few deep breaths.  Why not try meditating a few days before?
seeker:I could do I suppose. I won't be the only one presenting that day so I feel like I won't be able to measure up against the other people on stage.
supporter:Try shifting the focus on what could go wrong, to what could go right? Focus on others congratulating you on a job well done. 
seeker:Yeah I do have a tendency to be negative sometimes and make a big deal out of things. I should actually focus on the good things. Has this technique helped you in the past?
supporter:Yes, in the term "fake it until you make it." I keep on thinking of what could go right, or in my favor, and when I am done, it actually went okay, and any "fears" i had, never came to fruition. 
seeker:I think that is really good advice. I think I have just suffered from a bad experience in the past and this has shaped my way of thinking to always be fearful. I'm fine in meetings or virtually but something about a stage just scares me.
supporter:That's understandable. But now that you're aware, you have the steps the move forward and be successful. 
seeker:yes I don't want it to hold me back personally or professionally any more
supporter:I believe you can do it. 
seeker:hey thanks that really helps
supporter:HOpe you ace your presentation.
seeker:I hope so too but in future I'll fake it until I believe it!

supporter:How are you doing today?
seeker:I'm not feeling great. I think my girlfriend may be cheating on me.
supporter:So you think she may, have started a relationship with someone else?
seeker:Yes, I think so although I don't have any proof. Things were going really well and then all of a sudden she text me and told me things aren't working.
supporter:Ok, well that doesn't sound pleasant and must be difficult to hear. Perhaps her feelings have changed and there isn't necessarily another person involved?
seeker:She has started a new job and I think she might have met someone at work that she likes better than me. I can't believe she is doing this to me!
supporter:Ok so it seems like you are quite angry at the moment at the thought of her with someone else, is that true?
seeker:Yes I suppose it is true. The thing is I thought things were going well and she is stressed out at work with her new job but we were getting on great!
supporter:I had a similar experience myself. My partner was stressed and I was busy myself. It turns out that I wasn't paying him enough attention and this made him feel like I didn't think he was important to me any more.
seeker:I haven't thought of it like that before but still I want to talk to her about it not just text me randomly and hint at ending things.
supporter:From my experience, when I actually talked to my boyfriend we agreed to make more time for each other and things did improve.
seeker:Okay what do you think I should do about it because the text seemed very final? Looks like she has made her mind up already about things. 
supporter:Sometimes people say one thing but actually mean another. They are complicated and don't always say what they really mean.
seeker:Do you think that she wants to talk rather than end the relationship?
supporter:I cannot say for certain however I think you should talk to her but also prepare yourself for the fact that she may actually want to spend some time apart or end  the relationship. it would be wise to prepare for that outcome as upsetting as it may be.
seeker:That makes sense but it is not what I want to hear. After all we have been through together, we were even talking about getting our own place together and now all that will be for nothing!
supporter:I think you are reflecting on your plans together and the thought of the relationship ending is making you upset and angry.
seeker:Yes that's right. I know getting angry doesn't help but I want things to go back to the way they were.
supporter:Ok so based on what you have told me I think that your girlfriend has got a new job and you are planning on moving in together is that correct?
seeker:Yes that's right but that's what couples do isn't it?
supporter:It is but that is a lot of change all happening at once. Perhaps she is getting a little bit scared and rather than dealing with the situation she is running away, perhaps you should talk about this and see how she responds?
seeker:I still think there is someone else that has come between us.
supporter:Have you got any evidence of this like seen a text message or has she behaves strangely?
seeker:No I haven't, it is just a feeling.
supporter:Ok well it is natural to feel like this sometimes. People tend to fear the worst.
seeker:So do you think I should try and talk to her and ask her outright if she has met someone else?
supporter:I think rather than ask her that question directly, you could start the conversation and ask her why she is feeling this way. This would show you care and are prepared to listen without jumping to conclusions.
seeker:I think I do need to calm down a bit and maybe talking to her would be the best way to start. I don;t know what I'd do though if she ended it.
supporter:The best thing to do would be prepared to have the conversation, stay calm and listen. She may just want to talk but also be prepared as it may not go the way you plan.
seeker:Ok well maybe if I show her that I can stay calm and strong then she will stay with me?
supporter:Be prepared that she may end the relationship but getting angry is likely not to change her mind. Getting angry does not improve difficult conversations. 
seeker:I suppose I could go into it and listen as you have said, there could be other reasons like the new job or maybe morning in that is causing some of it. I'll try and keep calm but it is hard when emotions run high.
supporter:Take a deep breath and try to relax beforehand. Staying positive and allowing her to speak will make for a better conversation. She will be more likely to open up to you.
seeker:That is actually pretty good advice. I hope we stay together and there is nobody else though. 
supporter:I hope you manage to work it through and can at least talk about your feelings
seeker:Hey thanks for the words of wisdom. Not sure I'll like the chat but I'll try and stay calm.
supporter:You are very welcome and take care

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:I'm sad and angry because I no longer talk to my best friend
supporter:Do you know what might have happened to cause your and your best friend to not talk anymore?
seeker:Well she was staying at my house for a month and we were constantly fighting so she just stopped talking to me
supporter:That sounds really stressful and I can see how troubling that is for you.
seeker:Yes it is and then she began avoiding me while we were in the same house, so we started arguing again and I found out she's been lying to me since I've known her and I'm very upset.
supporter:That's definitely very upsetting. I know how it feels to have that sense of betrayal from a friend I was close to for many years. However, I was able to discuss the issue I had with my parents and other friends. Do you have anyone else close to you that you can talk to?
seeker:I don't think so, my parents think I was too harsh by deciding to end the friendship, it as if my own family doesn't understand. 
supporter:That can definitely add to frustration. What about your other friends? Do you have anyone who either shares the same opinion as you or does not know your friend that you can talk to?
seeker:My other friend believed that it wasn't too harsh to end the friendship as they know I value honesty but it makes me feel angry that I was being used for so long and constantly lied to.
supporter:You have every right to be angry, but the most important thing you can do is find a good support system with your other friend. It will take some time to heal, but I'll tell you a paraphrased version of one of my favorite quotes: "Resentment is like swallowing poison and expecting the other person to die." It's important to find support in your other friends and heal properly.
seeker:I really love that quote, it's absolutely true; I think I will talk to my friend about the situation some more so I can fully get over it.
supporter:That sounds like a wonderful idea. Is there anything else you would like to discuss?
seeker:Yes, I also realized that I wasn't angry with my friend but rather myself 
supporter:Can you elaborate more? Earlier you said you and your friend were arguing while she was living in your house, then she stopped talking to you. Why might you be angry with yourself?
seeker:Because I basically allowed her to use me for seven years and kept lying to me or gave her space because I thought I was being a good friend.
seeker:I feel like I was stupid to do that and soft
supporter:If I may, I would argue that your actions don't make you soft and they certainly don't make you stupid. They are certainly not any reason to be angry with yourself. If I may bring up another cliché: "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." I would say you're in the "fool me once" stage and it is your friend's actions that have brought you pain. I think you're unlikely to trust her again.
supporter:Also, hindsight is 20/20. What you might see now in ways that your friend might have used you are things that you might not have seen then. We want to think the best of our friends until they prove us wrong. I think you were being the best friend you could be.
seeker:Thank you very much, I'll continue to talk about the issue with my other friend, I really appreciate your wisdom.  
supporter:Of course. I think you'll be alright and remember the healing process can take a long time after betrayal. Remember to be kind to yourself and keep that support system of your other friend by you. 
supporter:Is there anything else you would like to discuss?
seeker:No thank you, enjoy the rest of your day
supporter:You too!

supporter:Hello how are you today?
seeker:Hi, I'm not doing very well. I feel very depressed.
supporter:Are you aware of things that may have cause your depression?
seeker:I recently got fired.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear, that can be really straining on someone, sounds like you're stressed about the situation
seeker:I guess, I mostly just feel really depressed, like I didn't do a good job. 
supporter:I often feel the same way when I'm unable to achieve something However I talked to a close friend about the issue to get some feedback
seeker:That sounds like a good idea, I could talk to my best friend about this.
supporter:It's great that your willing to speak to someone about it.
seeker:I think it might help, maybe I won't feel so sad afterward or so useless.
supporter:It sounds like being fired has made you more self negative. Does that sound right?
seeker:Yes.
supporter:What are some ways you might express this to your best friend when seeking valued feedback?
seeker:I guess I could say that being fired has made me feel useless and very depressed.
supporter:That's a good place to start and hearing feedback can sometimes be hard to hear but I think you can do it !!
seeker:Thank you, I think that this might help me.
supporter:You're very welcome and I know will start to feel better soon.
seeker:Thank you very much.
seeker:I think this will really help.
supporter:Is there anything else you have on your mind?
seeker:Not really.

seeker:Hello.
seeker:Hello?
supporter:hey how are you doing?
seeker:Doing alright, thanks. Yourself?
supporter:Doing fine, thank you. 
seeker:Good to hear.
supporter:What brings you here today?
seeker:I've been feeling very down lately.
supporter:That sounds difficult, Would you like to elaborate on that?
seeker:Sure. I feel depressed about the state of the US and of the rest of the world. It's very overwhelming. 
supporter:That is completely understandable, there are a lot of overwhelming things going on right now.
seeker:Yes and a lot of uncetainty.
supporter:Most definitely, I've also been feeling a bit overwhelmed by what's going on. 
supporter:How have you been coping?
seeker:It's good to know others feel the way I do. I've been trying to keep busy and not watch the news too much.
supporter:That is a good strategy, all the news outlets can be very overwhelming. 
seeker:Yes with lots of conflicting information.
supporter:What do you like to do to keep busy?
seeker:Work, read, exercise. I've been going to the gym more.
supporter:Those sound like really good coping skills.
seeker:Thank you. I'm trying. I really don't want to be on medication.
supporter:That's a personal choice you're completely allowed to make. It sounds like you have a good foundation for building on your ability to cope. 
seeker:I am trying. I don't want to fall deep down an emotional black hole.
supporter:Understandable
supporter:Do you talk with a therapist or have someone you trust you like to talk to?
seeker:Yes, my husband is very supportive but I don't want to upset him too much so I don't fully open up.
supporter:That's great he is supportive. Seeing an individual counselor or someone of the like can also be helpful. They're there for just you and they have unbiased opinions. A lot are doing telehealth right now. 
seeker:I will look into the telehealth. Thank you for that recommendation.
supporter:You're welcome, hopefully it can be helpful. I, myself, have used telehealth therapy recently and it's just been helpful with all the unprecedented chaos going on this year. 
seeker:I will give that a try. Thank you again.
supporter:Is there anything else you would like to talk about or that I can help you with today?

seeker:Hello I am here to discuss my anxiety over the current pandemic. 
supporter:Hey there! That's a good topic to talk about. With everything that's been going on, it's normal to feel some anxiety.
supporter:What do you think is one thing that is giving you a lot of anxiety?
seeker:Thank you very much for your understanding. Yeah it's tough especially with rising cases for the past two weeks or so in my city. 
seeker:I live in Canada and my city is pretty good so far and really low on numbers but have been seeing new cases every day for the last two weeks or so
seeker:so that adds anxiety to me when I go out and I am more on guard and paranoid 
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Similar stuff is happening where I am, and I also get anxious hearing about it.
seeker:And we had a lock-down earlier this year and yet, with the exception of one province, every province remains operational at full speed despite lock-downs earlier, and now a lot of provinces are seeing record cases with the second wave.
seeker:yeah I hope you get through this okay also and stay safe and well.
supporter:What do you feel when you feel on guard and paranoid? Try to say some more about that if you can.
supporter:Thanks, I hope the same for you.
seeker:I go out pretty much only when I have a purpose and personal admin/errands. I work about one or two days a week out of my home. So with the rising cases, I just feel anxious having to get out of the safety of my home. I was a lot more anxious earlier this year though. I am much more used to it at this time. 
seeker:And it's hard where everyday is the same for me and staying at home, without a change of pace like even simple walks outside, going to the gym, or going to hike or run etc. I pretty much missed out the whole year after March. My life has been on hold and I am just surprised that it's even november now, because it feels like I am still stuck in March. 
supporter:Yeah, that makes sense. When this was all new, the uncertainty probably made for more anxiety. Now that we know some more about what is safe and what isn't, maybe less so.But it doesn't mean the anxiety is gone, of course. It's still around in our day-to-day lives.
supporter:Well said. You feel stuck. The usual things you would do now are just not available to you.
seeker:yeah I have been adjusting to it and the cases were down and even to zero in my city for most of the last few months, but there's definitely the start of a new community spread now. 
seeker:yes correct
seeker:Plus there's a loss of routine or motivation. I procrastinate a lot and get lost in thought or lost without thought. I don't work out as much as I used to (inside or outside of home). I don't eat as well and my sleep pattern is not good at all (I sleep a lot later than I should). 
seeker:So I am disappointed in myself to say the least.
seeker:and also feeling guilty to see myself waste my life and time this way and not being productive
supporter:I can rephrase some of this, if you don't mind. In a way, you're talking about activities that you may have used (gym, hikes, etc) to keep yourself in a good mood. Now that those don't seem available, you just don't have those opportunities to boost your mood. It makes sense that you would be feeling this way.
seeker:now I am more used to it of course, but this summarizes how I have been feeling for most of this year. 
supporter:I think you explained yourself really well. Thanks for sharing how you've been feeling.
seeker:yes you're right. That's exactly it. I think it's going to be this way for a long time. I see other people compromising and taking the risk to go out for walks or runs, and even to the gym. I could have done that for the last few months when we had zero cases for awhile, but I didn't want to gamble and compromise. And I still see those people as selfish when I choose to do what I think is right. 
seeker:yeah no worries. It's good that you understand and thank you for listening. 
supporter:Do you think if you went ahead anyway to the gym or out for runs that you would feel guilty for doing them?
seeker:We won't know more about the mental implications and the sociological aspects of the pandemic probably until years to come. 
seeker:I thought about that
supporter:Yeah, and that just throws on another layer of why things are difficult right now. No one wants to feel guilty for doing things that could help themselves.
seeker:to the gym, I certainly would. Because it's indoors and I do feel it's unsafe as there are many equipment that others could touch. Running I felt that way because the path that I usually run on is narrow and other people walk through it also. However, I did have second thoughts about that when the case numbers were down. But I finally decided to keep doing it and stick to all outdoor trips for essential business. 
seeker:but that's just me, and I know we all have different personalities, preferences, and tolerances of risks and acceptances, etc.
supporter:Have you ever heard of the phrase "black or white thinking?" As in, thinking that situations or people are completely good or completely bad? Or completely doable or completely impossible?
seeker:so in my opinion, I feel a little indignant at the people that have been going out frivolously like there's nothing going on, to even gamble their safety and their family's. Like I live in an apartment building, and the people around me and below me are always going out, even for the last few months. So I don't feel safe either but also indignant that others are doing what I could have done, but that I had compromised on for my safety and everyone else's safety. So I just didn't feel it was fair for them to do that when I could have done that anytime I wanted. 
seeker:black and white thinking...let me think 
seeker:for this pandemic, it's pretty much black and white
supporter:Yeah, I think I understand that too. I get really frustrated hearing about people hosting big parties or not wearing masks because they think it's no big deal. They're putting others at risk.
seeker:Because I either go out or I don't. I have to compromise my values and everything I worked hard to preserve for the last few months to go out, even if I put on extra protection etc. And I just rigidly refuse to compromise my values because I don't believe it's right. Because if I had done that, I would have done that already, and long ago. And even though it's really hard on me.
seeker:yeah exactly. Because people are being selfish and are subjecting others to risks even if they don't care about themselves. 
seeker:but I know I am pretty extreme in my thinking. 
seeker:I really love the outdoors and I go out pretty often before the pandemic. 
seeker:But it's just that my own thinking is rigid and made up about it. 
seeker:But anyhow, that's the situation in a nutshell. 
supporter:I think we all do black-or-white thinking to some extent. We're wired to try and make sense of the world, and maybe our brains don't like to spend time on nuance and grey areas. We all tend to quickly categorize things into good or bad, easy or hard, black or white.
seeker:yeah I understand your thinking with the grey areas as well. I suppose for this case, it's all black and white for me, no grea areas or compromises.
seeker:that's good analysis by the way.
seeker:But anyhow I am good to go then. Thank you so very much for understanding and for your valuable inputs. 
supporter:Does this time have to be a "waste" for you? With no productivity? That seems pretty extreme.
seeker:it's a fascinating area though, fascinating thinking. I am also curious on the social and mental implications of this in the long-run
seeker:but only time will tell
seeker:there will be so much research and books written about our times. 
seeker:well I do a lot of "waste" at home. So I am quite sluggish and lazy and lost at home. 
supporter:Thanks for saying that! I liked talking with you, and we can wrap this up. I guess I'm saying you sound thoughtful and intelligent, I'm confident that you could find ways to get more out of this time if that's what you're wanting to do.
seeker:I am productive but not as driven or productive as before at home.
seeker:for sure yeah. I am sure we can get through all this in one piece eventually.
seeker:I was thinking this also that even though this is a very tough time, we will look back on this about years from now, and say wow, we got through all that!
supporter:Not as productive? Of course! It's a pandemic. We all are.  :)    Hope you're not too hard on yourself right now.
seeker:no no I am okay thanks for asking
seeker:I am just kind of spelling in out the details of my thinking and how my life has been so far
seeker:I am actually okay so no worries
supporter:Ha, exactly. Maybe we're not all thriving and getting rich and adding 15 pounds of muscle during this time. But we can get through it.
seeker:yup. Exactly. Lost time can always be made up later. 
seeker:okay then. I am good to go. Thanks again and thank you for your input. It does help to just kind of vent in a way. 
supporter:Before we quit, would you want to say one specific thing you know you can do today to help yourself out?
seeker:Yeah for sure
seeker:I worked out a little bit before I started the chat. I am also doing some online courses on my own time. So I will keep working hard on those. And I hope to get back more into the routine of working out. I really do think it helps my mood if I just make more time and motivation for that.
seeker:And you seem intelligent and analytical also and you know what I mean. So I do appreciate your time and input
supporter:Nice! Good job with those things.
seeker:thanks. I hope you best of luck then with all your endeavours. I know we can all get through this time. Thank you. 
seeker:stay well and stay safe my friend
supporter:Right on, same to you. It's okay to feel anxious right now. It's okay to feel unproductive right now. It's also okay to keep on doing the things that make you feel okay. Great job keeping up the workouts and the classes.
seeker:Thank you and all the best. 
supporter:Stay well and safe to you too! Take care.

seeker:I can't take it anymore the stress from my parents.  They don't acknowledge I am doing my best.
supporter:I can see you are trying hard but aren't feeling acknowledged.
seeker:It's so hard to not get the affirmation that I am doing a good job.
supporter:What is it that they aren't affirming you on?
seeker:They don't say that I made the best choices I could given the circumstances.
supporter:I see that can be frustrating.  
seeker:I want to cry every time they talk to me.  I don't know how to communicate any better what I'm feeling.
supporter:I see that you are communicating to them but they don't understand where you are coming from.  That can be frustrating.
seeker:What can I do to please them?
supporter:When did this start?
seeker:When my children started getting in trouble at school
supporter:When my children were in the same situation I felt a lot of heat too from my parents.  It's helpful sometimes to talk to a school counselor.  Have you tried that at all?
seeker:That would maybe help.  I have to see maybe they could help me with solving the situation.
supporter:They have some experience with other families and maybe could connect you with people who are having similar issues. I've done that in the past.
seeker:I see your point.
supporter:Do you have other family members or friends who you could talk to?
seeker:Yes, maybe my sister could help.  She has children too.  
supporter:That sounds like a great plan to try.
seeker:Thanks so much for the help.
supporter:It has been my pleasure.  Is there anything else I can do?
seeker:No thanks
seeker:You have been of great help.
seeker:Thanks so much.
supporter:You are very welcome.
seeker:Have a nice day.
supporter:You as well have a nice day.
seeker:good bye to you!

supporter:Hi, what I can help you with today?
seeker:Hi
seeker:I had problems in the past and somehow right now
supporter:What sort of problems were in your past and now?
seeker:I loved physics and I decided to attend university, but soon after I slowly lost my interest and became unmotivated
supporter:What was happening in your life that made you lose interest?
seeker:Actually the professors and the class atmosphere was the reason, and of course the quality of teaching
seeker:so I started to skipping the classes and failing
supporter:It sounds like that is a lot of reasons to be stressed. Have you spoken to a school counselor?
seeker:Yes lots of stress and pressure. I did not, because we didn't have such things or at least I wasn't aware
seeker:But nobody even pointed that why I'm failing, they just didn't care
supporter:I agree it is a lot of pressure, but do not let bad teachers deter you. I would reach out to a school counselor and let them know your situation. Every school must have one. 
supporter:Also, physics is a difficult course to study, but if you chose it, that means you have a very strong mind. 
seeker:I loved physics a lot more than now, but what's the point of studying when the teachers are pulsing you not to study! (because of the quality of teaching)
seeker:I hope there was someone, but I don't think we have a counselor
supporter:More reason to speak to a school counselor or school administrator. We need to provide help to students, not have bad teachers deter them. 
seeker:Yeah, same with me! I wish I could attend a better univeristy
supporter:What made you choose this particular university you are at?
seeker:I didn't have another choice but this
supporter:Have you looked into other Universities for the possibility of transferring
seeker:Hmmm, actually I didn't think about this option
supporter:Just think about what you want in a good university and research from there
seeker:Yeah, I should do it
seeker:Thanks for the talk
seeker:you've been more helpful than my teachers!
supporter:You're welcome I hope you find the perfect university for you
seeker:Thanks, I wish  you luck in your future endeavours
seeker:Bye then ; )
supporter:Goodbye

seeker:I do not what what to do 
seeker:Do you think I should just stop being friends wither?
supporter:Being friends with who?
seeker:My friend does not want to be friends anymore after 13 years, she thinks I am too buys with my kids 
supporter:She doesn't want to be friends, but what do you want?
seeker:To be friends, its been 13 years 
supporter:So you still want to be friends but she doesn't.
seeker:yes
seeker:She thinks I put her second to me family 
supporter:Have you talked with your friend about your feelings?
seeker:yes, but she does not understand since she is not married and does not have children 
supporter:Does she just want to spend more time with you?
seeker:I think she feels left out 
supporter:Is there a way you can help her feel more included?
seeker:I guess I can reinforce that she is always invited over! But I am just soooo exhausted after having twins 
supporter:I understand, that must be exhausting!
seeker:No time to sleep... ever.... How do I tell her I have feelings too
seeker:She just wants to go out and doesn't offer to help 
supporter:I understand, I think that you should tell her about your situation and how you feel.
seeker:I am not very good at expression my emotions rn with out getting emotional 
supporter:It is okay to get emotional, it may even help her understand how you feel better.
seeker:ugh you are right! I just get scared to break down that all, even after 13 years. 
supporter:It is okay to be scared, but having emotions and getting emotional is natural.
seeker:you are so right 
supporter:Do you feel like you have a better understanding of what to do?
seeker:yes I do! Thank you so much 
supporter:You are welcome, I hope everything turns out all right.
seeker:Thank you! Your help means a lot 
seeker:Have a great day 
supporter:Have a great day, and good luck!

seeker:Hi, I was wondering if you can help me with my academic issues. 
supporter:yes. tell me what happened?
seeker:I am very stressed. My parents want to me to go to the school of their choice but its not looking good. If I dont go into their choice school I will have to pay for school on my own. 
seeker:Im not able to complete my work at school becuase of the stres
supporter:it sounds that you dont feel heard by your parents.
seeker:Yes, they just tell me they want the best for me but its making my stomach hurt constantly
supporter:i think you have done your best and you are continuing to try hard.
supporter:i think you have done your best and you are continuing to try hard.
seeker:Thank you. I just don't know what I should do about my school and future college endeavors
supporter:everything happens  for a reason. you just have to stay calm.did you express yourself to your friends or a caretaker?
seeker:My friends just tell me to take loans out like they are. 
supporter:do you think that will help you out?
seeker:I think it would but I don't want to go into debt because of college
supporter:try do get some online jobs so that you can cop up with both your college and finances.
seeker:Okay I can try and do that
supporter:yes, i hope everything ends well.
seeker:Thank you
supporter:welcome

seeker:Hello.
supporter:how are you feeling lately?
supporter:how are you feeling lately?
seeker:Sad. I don't have any motivation.
supporter:That's really hard. but,i think you can do it.
seeker:Yeah. I just was supposed to be something important ya know? 
supporter:It seems that you are really stressed about the situation.
seeker:Thank you. I am. I just tried so hard for so long to do something meaningful with my life. And now I am coming to terms with having a "normal" job and I can't even do that right. 
supporter:i feel the same way.now i understand the reason though.it is because i didn't know what to say to strangers.
seeker:Yeah. I mean I know a lot of people struggle the same way. I just need ways to find validation that are not based on my job.
seeker:But validation doesn't pay the bills.
supporter:some people express themselves in person, some communicate in words.have you tried any different ways?
seeker:No, I will try that. Thank you for your advice.
seeker:I think that talking it out with some other people who are not family will be helpful as well. 
supporter:no mention.
supporter:deep breaths can help people calm down.
seeker:I hadn't thought of that.
supporter:could you try to take few deep breaths?
seeker:Yes, I think I will do that.
supporter:happy to hear.
seeker:I think I will follow your advice and try to take more mindful deep breaths and try to communicate with some other people in different ways. 
supporter:well, thats a good idea to do do.
seeker:Thank you. You have been very helpful. Enjoy the rest of your day.
supporter:yes, you too.have a great day.

seeker:I'm so tense all the time since my son is ill.
supporter:Can you tell me more about what you're feeling?
seeker:I wonder if he will ever get better.  I'm so scared for his future with perhaps others having to care for him or even if he will eat.
supporter:It seems like you are concerned about your son's future and wellbeing. Is this correct?
seeker:Yes, absolutely correct.
supporter:Does your son have any other supports in his life?
supporter:Does your son have any other supports in his life?
seeker:Supports don't help him get his mind back only the correct medication.
seeker:The worst part is that church is our support, but he has religious delusions.
supporter:I see how that could be intensely difficult to deal with. I think your strength is admirable
seeker:Thank you, but I'm worried about how long my strength can last
supporter:From our communications it seems you are feeling anxious and stressed as well.
seeker:Do you have any suggestions?
supporter:Yes, I would suggest you find a place where you are comforted and feel safe. You are in a difficult situation and it is clear you need emotional support as well. Do you know of any support groups in your area?
seeker:I could reach out to my parents.  They have supported me the most.
supporter:I think that is a wonderful idea. You deserve to feel safe and supported too.
seeker:Yes, they can help me just to give me comfort.  
supporter:Some people find comfort in hobbies as well. Do you have any comforting hobbies?
seeker:I like hobbies but I have to watch my other children all the time and don't have much time for myself.  
supporter:Are there other people in your life who can watch the children too?
seeker:No, they have disabilities too so it's hard to get someone to watch them.
supporter:You are certainly in a frustrating situation, but it is clear you are a good caregiver. 
seeker:Thanks. I guess I just have to make the best of the situation and pray for a miracle.
supporter:There are some charitable organizations which may be able to provide some relief in your area. Have you looked into those?
seeker:I contacted some support services, but haven't found anything yet.  Thanks for trying. I will have to try more groups.  You have been helpful .
supporter:I personally have been a caregiver in the past and it can be exhausting. You are a strong person. 

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi there. How are you doing?
seeker:ok. not great
seeker:how r u.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. What is going on that makes you not feel great? I am well, thanks for asking.
seeker:breaking up with husband.  mixed emotions on it.  relieved it is out in the open, sad it has to be over.
supporter:Going through a break up is never easy, especially when it is with someone you thought you would spend you life with. I understand completely. It is natural to feel sad for a while
supporter:I have been divorced myself so I know it is not easy. But I can promise it gets much better
seeker:yeah. it sucks. wish it was not this way.  do not want to move on but without trust there is nothing
supporter:Of course and it is normal to have mixed feelings
seeker:I just cannot get out of this funk.  why me?  what did i do to make him want someone else?
supporter:Have you looked into any divorce support groups in your area or online? It can help to discover that you are not alone in how you feel
seeker:Yeah, but the only one  in my area in person is cancelled.  online seems impersonal.  I dont mind being on my own, but like companionship.  But will not trust again.  I am in a no win situation.  At least the kids are grown.
seeker:talking does help some, just no way to fix this really.  It is internalized with me.
supporter:I understand. I went though a lot of feelings myself when I divorced. Blaming myself, blaming him, missing him. It took some time to work through but thankfully today it is all a distant memory. Sometimes time is the best healer. Be kind to yourself and take time for you.
seeker:yep. i guess it is too soon.  2020 is the suckiest year ever. On so many levels.
supporter:I hear you on that. It has been a very unusual year in general. I think that with everything going on in the world it is more important than ever that we take me time. 
seeker:got plenty of me time. lol
seeker:this is just the worst year to meet people.  most of my friends were mutual marriage friends, and their pity is uncomfortable, and a few have chosen sides.
supporter:I know how hurtful that can be when people chose sides. It happened in my own divorce. The best thing you can do I think is to remember not to let anyone else's misinformed opinions affect how you ultimately view yourself. None of those people were there and none of them experienced what you did. 
seeker:yeah, i am ok with losing certain friends.   some have surprised me some not so much.  no way to meet new people or get away.  
supporter:I understand, it is a difficult time to meet new people. Even in normal times a divorce is difficult but even more so with the restrictions we have at the moment. I think everything you are feeling is normal. Have you connected with a therapist to help you process all of your feelings. I know that helped me. Many are doing virtual sessions at the moment

seeker:How do you become happy? How do you find something worth living for?
supporter:Hi, I think there are a lot of ways to become happy and to find something worthy living for. Let's start with things that interest you. What do you like doing for fun?
seeker:I don't really know anymore, nothing makes me happy these days. 
seeker:I used to like reading a lot but it's become a chore.
supporter:And what kinds of things did you like to read?
seeker:Mostly fiction books. Fantasy, historical novels, contemporary fiction, anything really. 
supporter:That's really great! I used to struggle with finding joy in reading as well. I was a graduate student at the time so I was mostly reading research papers.
seeker:Do you like reading again? What helped?
supporter:Have you tried picking up a new hobby? Something you have always thought might be fun but haven't ever tried because of lack of time or energy?
seeker:I wanted to try rock climbing, but I don't know. I'm not really in the best shape. 
supporter:I do like reading now. I took some time after school to take care of my mental health by going on walks and being in nature. Overtime, I started to pick up books again. I've found I really like true crime and autobiographies the best
seeker:I feel like people will just make fun of me.
supporter:Rock climbing is so fun! Have you tried taking a beginners course? I started there. I was very nervous I would be made fun of, but found that it was a really supportive community.
seeker:I guess I can give it a try. 
seeker:But I don't know if it will be enough. 
supporter:You might find it's just the community of people that you need right now. From my experience, they were all super friendly and open to helping me along the way.
seeker:I guess you're right. I tend to get caught up in my own thoughts, which never have anything good to say about me. 
supporter:Just from chatting with you, you seem like such a nice person. I don't think anyone would have mean things to say about you. 
seeker:That's kind of you to say. 
supporter:I really hope you'll take the leap to trying rock climbing! It was so fun for me when I did it and I can't wait to get back out there to learn more (hopefully COVID will be over soon!) :-) 
seeker:Yeah I think I'll check if any gyms are open right now and try a class.
supporter:That sounds great! Hoping they are open and safe!

supporter:Hi, How are you doing today?
supporter:Hi, How are you doing today?
seeker:I feel like shit and I don't know how I can move on. 
seeker:I can't help but feel there must be something wrong with me, or if I did something wrong. 
supporter:It sound like you are having a really hard time right now.
seeker:Like I had all these plans and they just came crashing down, and now I have to start all over again. 
seeker:Well yeah, I just broke up with my partner after finding out they cheated on me. 
supporter:That is a very difficult situation. Starting over again can be a great opportunity for growth.
seeker:I feel like I'm too old to start over again. There must be something wrong with me after all. 
supporter:I understand how you feel. I had a bad break up, but it turned out to be a good thing in the long run.
seeker:How so?
supporter:Well, looking back the relationship was pretty toxic and everything was better once I was out of it. I am sure your life will be happier and more fulfilling soon. 
supporter:It sounds like you are blaming yourself for everything. Why do you feel at fault?
seeker:I don't know, it doesn't feel like anything's getting better soon. I've been busy with work so I haven't been spending as much time with my partner. 
supporter:It sounds to me like you have been working hard to support your life with you partner. They should respect that.
seeker:Maybe it is my fault, maybe I didn't communicate enough. 
supporter:Is this a relationship you would want back if you could get it back?
seeker:No, I don't think I'd want to get back with someone who cheated on me.
supporter:I would agree with you on that! That was how I felt too. 
seeker:I guess I just need some time to think things through.
supporter:For sure. Just take things slowly, one day at a time. Take the time you need to learn to enjoy your new life. 
supporter:For sure. Just take things slowly, one day at a time. Take the time you need to learn to enjoy your new life. 
supporter:Sorry for hitting enter twice. :)
seeker:Here's to hoping things get better. Thanks for listening anyways.
supporter:You're welcome! I'll be rooting for you!

supporter:Hi there, how are you today?
seeker:been better how are you?
supporter:I'm doing well, thanks. Is something bothering you?
seeker:That's good. yes about my daughter. I typed it all in already.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Unfortunately I didn't receive the message you had typed, would you like to talk about it?
seeker:My daughter is 16 and got out of hand for a little while. I grounded her. And since that time, she has decided to move in with her dad. which is fine. But I've only gotten to see her once in 3 months. She don't want to see me.
seeker:you there?
supporter:That's tough, I'm sorry. I don't have children of my own yet, but I remember being a teenager and having a similar phase. If it makes you feel any better, I eventually grew out of that phase and have a wonderful relationship with my parents now!
seeker:That's good. 
supporter:With the holidays coming up, maybe that's a good opportunity to reunite and spend some quality time with her?
seeker:By law though I don't think that my ex husband can keep her from me? I feel like I have a right to see my child. I have 4 kids altogether. My other 2 daughters are older and have already moved out and my son is still at home. I've dealt with teenagers and it's not easy but this is too extreme. 
seeker:I asked about the holidays and she said she didn't know. It's gonna be hard not having her here. 
supporter:Does she have a good relationship with her siblings? Maybe they can help convince her to spend some family time at home? 
seeker:She did but not so great anymore. I sure hope so.
seeker:It's been hard on everybody. especially her little brother.
supporter:Maybe she just needs some time to decompress. Being a teenager is a stressful time, especially this year with everything with COVID. I'm hopeful that she will come out of this phase.
seeker:I'm gonna keep praying. Thank you. You made me feel better.
seeker:very true. been a tough year.
seeker:you've been very helpful. thank you. 
seeker:you have a good day.
supporter:I'm glad I could help! Keep your chin up
supporter:You too
seeker:bye
supporter:Have a great day!

seeker:Hi there, I was hoping to get some support. I'm having a hard time with things.
supporter:Ho,  Can you please tell me specifically what things you are having a hard time with.
seeker:I broke up with my boyfriend because he cheated on me.
supporter:I hear you saying that your boyfriend broke up with you. Is that correct
seeker:Yes, that's correct. I'm heartbroken!
seeker:Wait, no. I broke up with my boyfriend. he didn't break up with me
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Can you tell me what led to the breakup
seeker:I caught him cheating on me with my best friend. They were together at the movies and I caught them
supporter:Ok,  that sounds like a terrible thing.  Just know that it is not your fault that this happen.  It is not a reflection on you.
seeker:Are you sure? Because I keep wondering what I did wrong for him to cheat
supporter:You did nothing wrong,  when people cheat it is their own issue they must deal with. You must be feeling horrible,but know that it will be ok, there is someone who will treat you with more respect
seeker:I appreciate you saying that. It makes me feel a bit better! Do you have any advice about how I can take my mind off of things?
supporter:Do  not let this affect your self esteem, as you are a valuable person. Take long walks,  spend time enjoying your own company and know that you are worth it
supporter:You can also try spending time just talking to others as just friends but not getting emotionally involved.
seeker:Taking a long walk is great advice. Perhaps I will try doing that more often. The fresh air always does me good.
seeker:I have a lot of friends I can talk to about this but unfortunately COVID makes it difficult to see them.
supporter:Great, it will make you feel so much better about yourself and help you put things in perspective. You will eventually see  your ex-partner for who he is.
seeker:I have some weight to lose, so taking a walk would help me with that also. Added bonus!
supporter:Great, so you can look and feel great. With COVID around, it is not the best time to go out and mingle but you can surely look around online and finds some online friends so that when social distancing is no longer an issue you can meet others
seeker:That's not a bad idea either. I think I'm feeling much better now
supporter:Wonderful,  I am glad I can be of assistance
supporter:Have a wonderful day
seeker:You too :)
supporter:Thank You

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi, how are you?
seeker:i feel anxious
supporter:That sounds rough, do you know what triggers your anxiety?
seeker:I have a large test coming up for school 
supporter:So it's the test anxiety that has been causing the stress.
seeker:yes, definitely 
supporter:I had a lot of anxiety before exams when I was in school, too.
seeker:how did you manage stress
supporter:I tried my best to get more sleep and I studied earlier so that I didn't panic at the last minute. That made it slightly less stressful.
seeker:that is what I try to do, I also exercise to relieve the stress
seeker:the sleep part can be difficult
supporter:That is great! Exercise is supposed to help a lot with stress and anxiety.
seeker:Do you have any suggestions to improve sleep the night before?
supporter:Many studies have shown that melatonin is a safe and effective sleep aid.
supporter:Boring podcasts are good for sleep, too.
seeker:I've tried melatonin - hit or miss. I haven't thought of podcasts - maybe I will try that
supporter:I can relate to the problems with sleeping and test anxiety. I know that if you try a few things to see what works for you, it will get better.
seeker:thank you! luckily exams don't last forever
supporter:Good luck on the exams- you can do it! :)
seeker:thank you for your suggestions - which podcast do you recommend I try
supporter:I like "Sleep with me" and "Anxiety Slayer".
seeker:The names sound like they would be helpful, I will look into them - thanks!
supporter:You're welcome! Bye
seeker:have a nice day

supporter:Hi how are you doing today?
seeker:I am feeling very upset because of my situation. 
supporter:would you like to tell me more about it?
seeker:Yes. My friend, M, is my oldest friend and knows me the best. If I can't turn to her for help, then who can I turn to?
supporter:Why do you feel you can't turn to your friend?
seeker:She is always so depressed herself. She is too tired, she is too sad, she is too frustrated. Everyone has hard lives, but we all do our best to deal with it. I have a child with special needs and I need help too, but she never thinks to ask about me and see if I am not doing okay
supporter:I am sorry to hear that sounds like she sure could use some help as well. Have you tried first taking about her issues and then telling her about yours?
seeker:I talk about her issues constantly. I guess I could do a better job about letting her know when I am feeling down. I just ask her to do things with me instead, but maybe she just takes it at face value. Literally everytime we talk though, it's about her problems.
seeker:But she never does anything to try and fix them.
supporter:I am sorry to her that, so it sounds like you feel you need to give her help but you dont get any from her. But is also sounds like she might not be aware of you needing help. 
seeker:Yes, exactly. 
seeker:It would be nice if I didn't have to explicitly spell it out. It makes it seem less meaningful when I have to spoonfeed to her what is wrong and what I need her to do for me.
supporter:I think you need to try to tell her about your problems, and maybe even if she feels like she is helping you she is more inclined to help herself some too?
seeker:That's true, I didn't think about that really. Helping others def can help to take the focus off of yourself.
supporter:I know, it would be nice of her to ask how are you? But maybe she thinks you are a very strong person that does not need help since you do not voice it.?
seeker:Yeah, that is true. I guess I am not looking at it from her persepctive.
supporter:Yes the feeling that you help someone can be uplifting and good for anyones ego
seeker:Should I tell her that I am frustrated with her lack of helping me or just try to put that behind me?
seeker:What is a good way to broach that I need help. Like I guess I don't know how to bring it up organically in a conversation
supporter:I would try to find a conversation and then tell her like sometimes I could use help with whatever and then tell her that you feel lonely and need her sometimes as well
seeker:Okay, I can try that. I guess I get so caught up in the frustration and my expectations of her, that I don't give it a chance.
supporter:Give it a try and you are not alone as you see we had a nice conversation.
seeker:Thank you, I appreciate your help. :)

supporter:hello how are you today?
seeker:Hello I am taking a break from my studies to talk. I am fine thanks
seeker:Hope you are doing well also
seeker:I am just kind of anxious and stressed out with impending academic deadlines
supporter:i am fine thanks for asking
seeker:two exams and two assignments due at the end of this and next month.
seeker:that's good
supporter:Aw i am sorry to hear that, school deadlines can be very stressful.
seeker:yeah I have been procrastinating and taking my sweet time with things since it's online and basically I do things on my own time. 
supporter:are you taking a lot of courses?
seeker:2 courses
seeker:but I am pretty much using full time capacity on them
seeker:devoting full-time I mean
supporter:do you like doing school online better than in person?
seeker:Have to finish one at the end of this month and end of next month for the other one
supporter:Thats good the more time you have to devote the better!
seeker:I have done both methods. I definitely prefer in-school studies. 
supporter:Do you feel it is more stressful online?
seeker:I am just disappointed that I have been slacking off and procrastinating
seeker:no it's just that it's a different avenue. I have done many online courses before even with the pandemic. I think it's because of the pandemic that has made me procrastinating more and being aimless and slow. 
supporter:Maybe take a hour a day before you start to do something you want to do then you will feel more motivated to get it done after.
seeker:yeah I take breaks in between. 
supporter:Yea this pandemic has me not as motivated to
seeker:But sometimes a lot more breaks or longer breaks than intended or I should
seeker:yeah definitely. Sorry to hear that. 
seeker:It's like everyday is the same and I can't go out to refresh my mind or have a change of pace such as going to the gym or go out for a run
seeker:whereas before the pandemic, I can switch gears that way and come back refreshed
seeker:like going out to the movies and coming back with renewed enthusiasm
supporter:Yea i have been missing the gym myself. Now i lookup youtube videos of workouts and do them, and it really helps to get me going in the day. 
supporter:Do you ever listen to music while you are trying to get work done? When i do that it tends to help time go faster and i get more done.
seeker:I see. Yeah it's good to have a routine and good way to resume life as usual. 
seeker:sometimes I listen to music but I find it hard to read and absorb and listen to music. But I do listen to music sometimes when I am on assignments. 
seeker:I also tend to drink coffee to focus my mind better. It does help.
seeker:And I know I can pass the courses and on time but just that I am disappointed at my performance and work ethics as I know I have done much better before. So I am missing that sense of urgency, conscientiousness, and maturity. , 
supporter:maybe find a nice meditation song to help relax you, i find when i am doing something finding a song with no words is better so i am able to concentrate. 
seeker:I see. That's a good idea.
seeker:I was also thinking I should have a regular workout routine at home again because I used to work out much more daily, even at home. 
supporter:It sounds like you are a very smart person and are able to acknowledge when you need to work harder on something. Don't be to hard on yourself this pandemic is affecting everyone
seeker:working out does help me focus and be productive.
seeker:Thank you and I do agree with you on the pandemic. But this is a part of my mistake too but I think coming away from our conversation, I am more optimistic now having talked to someone about it. 
supporter:Yes i would imagine that would help to, i found that before i started working out at home i was beginning to feel lazy and not getting anything done, but that has all changed now.
seeker:I see. Hopefully your routines are much better and more productive now.
supporter:Aww well try not to be to hard on yourself. Set some daily goals and i bet you will be back to feeling normal in no time. I am glad talking has helped!
seeker:yeah that's another thing. It does work better for me if I were to write down some sort of itinerary of what I should get through today, etc. So you're right. 
seeker:well thank you for listening then and providing some very helpful input. 
seeker:Yeah you've been more than helpful! Thank you. 
supporter:You are welcome, best of luck with all your studies!
seeker:Just can't wait to finish the two courses these two months and I can finally relax and enjoy the holidays at least.
seeker:thank you very much. And I hope you best of luck with all your endeavours!
supporter:Thank you!

seeker:I don't know what do with my life. 
supporter:I know sometimes it can be difficult to make decisions. What dilemma are you facing today?
seeker:I can't seem to decide anything with my life. 
supporter:I too, have been in your place. There were days I would just stare blankly without being productive. However, I tried meditating which helped me improve my focus.  
seeker:Does that really help? How do you start?
supporter:I am glad you asked. At first, it can seem a little difficult. But the key is to start small and build as you go. For example, allocating 10 minutes after lunch or borrowing some time off of social media.
seeker:What exactly do you? How can it help me make decisions without getting anxious?
supporter:From what I know, you can try to relax before making any decision. I usually follow my intuition and decide. I deal with the outcome later. But meditating has really helped me avoid anxiety.  
seeker:I often feel like I'm just going to mess up anyways so I don't see the point in even trying sometimes. 
supporter:It sounds as if you are low on self-confidence and are afraid about unfavourable outcomes. Please correct me if I am wrong.
seeker:That sounds about right. I recognize it but I don't know how to deal with it. I'm so afraid of failing, I end up not doing anything. 
supporter:I can feel your anxiety just through this chat conversation.
seeker:I tend to expect the worse or nothing at all. 
supporter:In my experience, even if we were to fail, we are bestowed with a valuable life lesson which we can use in future decisions.  Approaching the problem with positive mindset will help a lot! Is that something you'd be willing to try?
seeker:I suppose so, but it's hard to break habits and a mindset that I've cultivated. 
supporter:That's true. However, research shows that any habit can be broken or formed if you put your mind to it everyday for 5-10 minutes for 3 continuous weeks. Perhaps, replacing your negative thoughts with happy ones might help.
seeker:I guess it's a start. I can do three weeks, and hopefully move on from there. 
supporter:Awesome. I am glad I was able to get you started towards a positive mentality. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
seeker:That's all for now. Thanks for listening. 
supporter:You're welcome! Have a wonderful week ahead!

seeker:My friend borrowed money from me but she won't return it now
supporter:I am sorry about that. It is always hard when we trust someone and they let us down. is that waht you are feeling? Disappointment in your friend?
seeker:Yes,i am very dissapointed because i trusted her completely.
supporter:I understand. I have been through a similar situation.
supporter:Was it a large amount of money?
seeker:What did you do to come out of the tricky situation?
seeker:Yes,it was for me,a total of $10000
supporter:Oh, That is a very large amount of money. I can understand your being upset with them
supporter:Have you talked to them about the money and returning it?
seeker:Yes,i am very very upset.What would you do in my position?
seeker:Yes,she just sounded non-comittal,saying that she will return it when she can
supporter:I see. It is a financially difficult time for us all. I am wondering if your friend might be upset and embarrassed that they can not pay you back immediately? Have you asked her if she could even afford some sort of small payments?
seeker:Yes,i asked her how we could restructure the payment in her favor because i understand how difficult it is for everyone right now but she did not answer
supporter:Were you speaking on the phone or in person? Is this a financial burden for you?
supporter:Would you consider this person a good friend? Would you be sad if they were not in your life anymore?
seeker:We were speaking on phone because i wanted to set up a physical meeting where we could discuss the logistics
seeker:Yes,it is a financial burden because this is money i was saving for a venture
supporter:That is very difficult. It is hard to judge things on the phone. 
seeker:Yes,this is a really close friend from way back and i would be devastated to lose the friendship
seeker:It is difficult to judge on the phone yes,which is why i wanted a physical meeting but she snapped at me and said that she will just pay me when she can
supporter:I see. I am very sorry about that! it is very difficult when a friend betrays your trust like that. 
seeker:Yes,very difficult
supporter:It sounds like you are doing what you can. It is very nice of you to have been this patient.
seeker:How do you suggest i shoulp proceed?
supporter:Is the friendship more important than the money? That is what it came down to for me.
seeker:And you chose what?
supporter:If you can not get her to meet with you, perhaps it might be time to seek advice from a lawyer? That is providing that you are willing to possibly lose a friend. 
seeker:Thank you very much for the advice
supporter:you are welcome. Good luck! I hope you find resolution and find a way to save your friendship!

supporter:Hello, how are you doing?
seeker:Hey
supporter:Is there anything that you would like to discuss?
seeker:Im not doinf the best beating myself up over past thinga ive done in my life
supporter:in what ways have you been beating yourself up? 
seeker:Well i been thinking boutnmy ex girlfriend
seeker:Wishing i woulsldve done things i done
supporter:that can be a difficult situation to be going through. 
seeker:I been feelinf shame, disgust, and anxiety
supporter:I have gone through the same thing and have found that time passing helps, and not dwelling on the past but instead working to make things currently in your life better.
seeker:Really bad
seeker:Losingnmybrelatiinship with her really different
supporter:sometimes overthinking about things can keep your mind in a bad place, maybe there's something like a hobby or new people you can engage with?
supporter:it can be hard, and many people share the same experience. it is not a lonely world.
seeker:Ya i suppose your rifht 
supporter:i can feel how anxious you are about the situation. 
supporter:how long ago did you break up?
seeker:Ya well i just wish i had a way to get in touchwith her and let her know that im sorry not trying to get a second chance since i had my chance already and screwed it up
supporter:maybe with time she will be ready to talk again. sometimes people need space to collect themselves.
seeker:Maybe so but i was a real dickhead to her. She totally didnt swaweve it
supporter:i've been there! my ex ended up reaching out to me and we have slowly become friends again. it is hard to rebuild trust, and it can be a very slow process.
seeker:Ya your right thank you for your time
supporter:you'll be alright, just take care of yourself first.

seeker:hi
seeker:is there someone there
seeker:Can you help me
seeker:hello
seeker:did you leave the chat
seeker:Please talk to me I need help!
supporter:no i am here
seeker:I came here for support
seeker:Thank goodness
supporter:How may I help you
seeker:I am having a really hard day today
supporter:what happened today?
supporter:this is a safe place with no judgement express yourself in what way you would like
seeker:I got grounded becuase my parents found out that I recently started dating before age 18. I am 17 and feel like I should be able to have a boyfriend now
supporter:Ah i understand. I am sorry about that.
supporter:Why do you think you should have a boydriend now?
supporter:Also i can relate to what you have been to I was once a 17 year old whos parents did not want her to have a boyfriend as well.
seeker:I have waited till age 17 as I knew this was best for me. The boy is my childhood best friend and has waited for years just to be with me and only me
supporter:Ok wow that is a very good position to be in. Now I want you to consider your parents perception why would you think that your parents might not want you to have a boyfriend?
seeker:Becuase they are trying to control me and dont want me to be happy and to be alone forever
supporter:I understand, Parents are complicated creatures. As an adult maybr your parents are worried about your saftey?
supporter:Or maybe they dont want to see thire kid grow up that fast your are almost 18!
seeker:Why would they worry about my safety? They have raised me to make decisions and I fel like I have made a good one waiting this long and in my own choice of the guy I chose to start a relationship with
supporter:Parents worry about thire kids all the time. you know pedophiles, kidnappers and a a lot of other dangerous people out there. it is only natural for parents to worry
seeker:Well, I guess I understand a bit more put like that.
supporter:Since we might run out of time soon can I give you my advice to you as well?
seeker:please do
supporter:my advice is too fold 1) demonstrate how mature you are to your parents think of it like a job interview. when you bring this issue up speak in a nonconfirmational tone. 3. patience. it takes time to change minds.

supporter:Hello! How can I help you today?
seeker:I'M PASSING THROUGH DEPRESSION 
supporter:That sounds really rough. When did this begin?
seeker:TODAY
seeker:I LOST A VERY DEAR FRIEND
supporter:I am so sorry to hear this! Losing a close friend can be very difficult.Communicating your feelings is a step in the right direction to cope with your emotions.
seeker:i dont know how i can get over ,its heart breaking since i heard about the sad news of his demise 
seeker:have been taking Alcohol since to wipe away the emotion but its seems its getting more complicated
supporter:I can tell you are very sad about this situation and understandably so.  It seems as if alcohol is your coping mechanism right now correct? Do you have close friends to share your emotions with?
seeker:yes , i normally take Alcohol any time am going through any sad moment , i dont have friends near by , am the nly one at home 
supporter:I see.  I also am the only one in my home and frequently have no one to turn to during hard times.  Have you thought about a local grief counselor? 
seeker:yes , i am actually thinking about that when mymind is at ease
seeker:actually i dont like disclosing my affairs or what am passing through with strangers 
supporter:You have taken this step and most counselors can do virtual meetings if you would like to keep yourself anonymous. I know it would be really hard for but I have total confidence in you!
supporter:Have you tried any other ways besides alcohol?
seeker:owk, thanks 
seeker:not really , i havent take anything except alcohol
supporter:Journaling your feelings has also been an effective way to get the emotions out! You seem like you have a lot to share so it might be a good option for you!
seeker:yea
seeker:i will try to consult counselors
supporter:I am so glad to hear this! I know you will get through this stronger than before! 
seeker:yes, thanks for the concern
supporter:I hope I have helped and provided a safe place for you to share. You will get through this! Remember to take one day at a time and never be scared to ask for help!
seeker:very well , i reall appreciate
seeker:God bless
supporter:Same to you!
seeker:bye
supporter:Good bye!

supporter:Hi hoe are you doing today? What brings you here?
seeker:I am pretty sad
supporter:What has got you feelin g so down today? I am here to listen and support you today!
seeker:My partner broke up with me a few days ago after having been together for about ten years
supporter:What I am hearing is that you seem to have hit an extremem low due to your loss of someone very important to you recently, is this correct?
seeker:Yes that is correct
supporter:It looks to me like you are pretty dedicated to getting through this hard timeand being successful at such as you have taken a big step reaching out for support tonight to help pull you through this safely.
seeker:I am not feeling very positive tonight but I think you are right. I think I reached out for help to assist me in making it through this difficult time safely. I have a problem with self abuse.
supporter:Would you feel comfortable giving me a little more detail as far as you problem with self abuse? what does this look like for you?
seeker:I am a cutter
supporter:This is very troubling for me to hear! I used to be a cutter as well so I can relate to this 100%
seeker:I usually start cutting on myself when I get too depressed if I do not use drugs and alcohol.
supporter:As a safety precaution, I would like to give you the phone number for the local crisis center in  your area so that if you ever feel like hurting yourself you can reach out to them for immidiate help in case of this emergency. would that be something that you were open to?
seeker:I could always use any help I can get. Please send the number
supporter:What state and county do you live in?
seeker:I live in colorado springs colorado which is elpaso county
supporter:Give me one moment while I search for this number for you. I will be right back with you.
seeker:Sure, and thank you!
supporter:Anytime! That is what I am here for, to help others in need in any way that I can. The number for the local crisis center is 719-465-8365. I would like to share a second number with you as well. Aspen point is a mental health treatment center that accepts people for non residentail treatment such as counseling . The number is 719-786-3856. They also take medicaid if that happens to be your insurance provider. I have heard lots of great things about aspen point. I hope you give them a call to help you safely through these hard times you are having.
seeker:I really appreciate the numbers you have sent. I want to thank you for your time and your kindness. You have been a great help tonight!

supporter:Hi. How are you feeling tonight?
seeker:not so great
supporter:I am sorry to hear that! What seems to be bothering you?
seeker:I have a real fear of public speaking and I am in a college class that requires me to do this in a large group relatively soon
supporter:I can understand your anxiety.  I hate public speaking too. Is this a required class?
seeker:Yes i am taking the class this semester and my presentation is due next week
seeker:have you done any public speaking
supporter:Only required in high school luckily in college I didn't have to do public speaking . What is your major ? I mean it sounds like this is a part of your major
supporter:Either way it is EXTREMELY stressful and I would  hate it
seeker:I am a psychology major and while i am great at interacting with others to help them through thier feelings and any problems or difficulties that may be facing, this one is just different for me.
supporter:I can tell this is challenging for you. May I suggest talking with your professor maybe you could pre record your speech and play it instead of actually doing it? Or maybe practicing with some friends or collegues and seeing if they would help you not be so nervous
seeker:I do not really have any friends I am online student and the presentation is being held on campus at the university and there are no other ways around the public speaking
supporter:This is certainly a difficult time  and a unique one.  How about searching online for speech public speaking tips and or training type videos or even libraries some have online books/videos
supporter:I would be willing to do a zoom meeting and practice with you if you would like
seeker:I have done everything I can think of to prepare for this. I have been meditating to try and overcome this fear. I have spoken about my anxiety to my partner and family as well.
supporter:I am sure there are some support groups out there you could search for maybe. Also prayer works if you believe in God as I do!
seeker:I am not as anxious on video, just mainly in person in crowds of peopole
supporter:I understand better now sorry for the confusion
supporter:Have you spoken to your doctor for maybe temporary mild anxiety pills or something since you seem to have tried numerous things without much help
seeker:No problem  no need to apologize 
seeker:I used to be on anxity medication but I wanted to get off the medication when I  got sober becuase it could lead to a bigger problem for me.
supporter:Yes I completely agree! I am going be honest and not sure how to help you. I will pray for you but I don't know what else to help 
supporter:i am happy to listen and be your friend 
seeker:WOW! I did not expect something like that to come from someone on here
seeker:Prayer is the best help in the world. Nothing is more effective than prayer!
supporter:Anxiety is a powerful thing and what may work for one person doesn't on another. I truly wish you the best . I would not want to be in your shoes . I honestly HATE public speaking
supporter:Yes it is and and most people say nothing left to do but pray and reality is that should be the first thing.  I have learned through many years and dont go to people houses or jam religion down throats but I am led lately to speak up in general conversation if it comes up
seeker:It does seem to be one of my biggest fears in the world!. I can say that just the topic of prayer and that being of the heavenly father, this topic has helped to ease my anxiety in the present moment and I am sure that God led me here to the platform this evening just for this conversation with you even though it was simple in nature, you have been very helpful
seeker:People do not talk like this anymore
seeker:God and anything related has been taken out of conversations
supporter:Anyways,  it is time for me to go to bed. If we were able I would continue to talk to you and pray but as we can't I wish you all the best . Since you are in college you have your entire life ahead of you I hope.  Covid is temporary and this too shall pass. See you in heaven one day I hope . Goodnight and God bless. 
seeker:Thank you for your time! I will be praying for you as well!
supporter:I too believe it as well.  and you are right no one talks about it but it should be but it is easier for me with Covid since covid brings up death alot.  you are welcome and Keep safe and God did not give us a fearful mind but ... I don't remember all of it but you could google it .. something sound mind     and Satan will use fear to get us
seeker:God does not give us the spirit of fear is I beleive what you were referring to and you 100% correct GOD BLESS!
supporter:tysm we all need prayers. sweet dreams my new friend

supporter:Good evening, how are you tonight? 
seeker:i'm struggling with my depression, I can't seem to get a handle on it 
supporter:I'm really sorry to hear that.  What kinds of things have you been doing so far to manage your downswing?
seeker:I just keep reliving that moment in my head 
supporter:Lots of obsessive, intrusive thoughts?  
seeker:yes, they just keep popping up  can't stop it
supporter:When I get stuck in that loop, I try to change up my entire physical situation -- take a shower or a soak, change up my music if I'm listening to it.  Kind of force my brain to take in a change.
seeker:I tried, I tried to keep myself busy, but boom my depressions hits me like a brick wall. 
supporter:Have you ever explored medication?  I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder almost two years ago, and medication has made an enormous difference for me.  
seeker:no my doctor prescribed me meds but it's not working. I will try meditation see it works. any more ideas? 
supporter:You should definitely see if the doctor can adjust your meds, I have ended up on a completely different type of medication than the one I tried first.  But I understand.  I think you should try getting out of the house and enjoying fresh air and physical activity.  It won't cure your depression but it may help your headspace and your point of view.  
seeker:hate taking meds. just keep reliving that moment. can't get it out of my head. it's killing 
supporter:Have you written it down?  Like physically written it down?  Sometimes when I have the obsessive thoughts, I'll do that and being able to see it "in real life" satisfies my brain.
supporter:But if you're reliving a traumatic moment, it may be beneficial to seek out a licensed therapist who can help you process and move past the moment.  
seeker:I will take your advice and right down my thoughts , maybe it will help the pain 
seeker:I have, I've been seeing a therapist. his not much help I think but it's someone I can talk too 
supporter:I hope it helps you out, you don't deserve to feel constant pain.  
seeker:thank you I hope so too 
supporter:You seem motivated to get better, so I am confident you will be successful.  You deserve to feel wonderful.
seeker:thanks for the confidence. I hope so to 
seeker:you've been very helpful 
supporter:I'm glad to hear that!  Thank you!
seeker:no problem , hope you a better day than me 

seeker:I'm feeling really sad, I thought it was going somewhere 
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. What do you mean you thought it was going somewhere?
supporter:Are you okay?
seeker:yes I'm okay, I'm so sad. five years , I gave my heart to this girl 
supporter:Did you guys break up recently?
seeker:yes she broke my heart last night, what did I do wrong? 
supporter:Love is tricky, sometimes there is no wrong.  You shouldn't blame yourself.
seeker:but I gave her my all. I feel so betrayed. I'm feeling so sad I want to jump over a bridge 
supporter:I've been there, a few years before I was married, my boyfriend broke up with me.  We had some space, and then were able to become friends again.  And you know what?  We ended up getting back together and getting married.
seeker:you think it's my fault? 5 years man, 5 years and just like that she broke my heart 
supporter:Don't give up, you never know what the future holds.
supporter:I don't know your particular situation, but it takes two to make relationships work.  I don't think you should blame yourself.
seeker:thank you, will try to keep my head up. you think she cheated on me?
supporter:I don't know what happened.  Is that what you think happened?
seeker:well I don't know. why end so abruptly 
supporter:What did she say when you broke up?
seeker:she just said it's over! over the damn phone 
supporter:Yikes!  I'm sure that didn't feel very good.
seeker:not at all, so heart broken 
supporter:Have you tried talking to her since?
supporter:Oftentimes people have confused feelings and after some time to reflect, things might change.  
seeker:no, she won't pick up her phone 
supporter:She may need some space to figure things out.  I know it's going to be tough but I believe you can get past this.
seeker:I'm heart broken and saddest man on earth right now 

seeker:hello
seeker:I have a real pickle of a problem
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that, can you tell me what it is?  
seeker:I am depressed and all alone
supporter:That's a hard situation to be in.  Are you isolating due to the pandemic?  
seeker:I have been isolated for 2 years now ever since my wife decided to sneak out in the middle of the night and run away
supporter:That's really rough.  It sounds like you did not get to have any closure whatsoever.  
seeker:yeah what a peach she was, at least she didnt murder me like my brother did to my mom
supporter:There's a lot of dark stuff happening in and around your life.  Do you have any things that you like to do on your own that calm you down?
seeker:drinking is the only thing that takes the pain away
supporter:I have definitely been there.  
seeker:everytime I say it cant get any worse I get a new illness
supporter:It must seem like things are just piling on.  Booze does this crazy thing where we think it's making things easier, but it's really making things 10x harder.  10x harder to process emotions, 10x harder to find the motivation, 10x harder to believe you are worth the effort to keep moving.  
seeker:all I have to look forward to is fighting for pennies on mturk all day, who would ever countinue if thats all they had
supporter:I think you could give the booze a break for a week, and see if you may see things in a different light.  Zero judgment from me btw, I am also clearly on mturk, and I quit drinking in April after ten years of heavy heavy drinking.  Almost lost my marriage to it.  It's not easy, and I'm not preaching, but I am saying it was the best thing I could do to begin to improve my life and my health, mental and physical.  
seeker:wait till everything is taken away from you and your left with nothing and noone and see how you feel then, it might be time for a drink
supporter:I'm really sorry you're feeling this poorly.  If you could be doing anything at all right now, what would it be?  
seeker:riding a motorcyle
seeker:just one more thing I will never get to do again
supporter:Oh shit I am so terrified of riding motorcycles
supporter:Why can't you ride motorcycles any more? 
seeker:poverty
supporter:Ah, so you can still physically ride one!  Your life isn't over, you are still breathing, you will ride a motorcycle again.  
seeker:i was riding a motorcyle next to my brother about two years before he murdered our mom, got hit by a car and nearly died
seeker:santa is bringing money this year?
supporter:Maybe you could rent one
seeker:or I could just steal one
seeker:I would rather meet a woman that isnt a coocoo bird
supporter:Maybe there are other alternative modes of transportation you could take up
seeker:well my car is about to die so it will be walking soon
supporter:Perhaps you'll meet someone on the bus?
seeker:going over how horrible everything is for me all day has been a real treat
seeker:that one really made me laugh
supporter:You didn't seem to be responding to actual solutions so I thought a joke might help :-)
seeker:there arent really any solutions, nothing women like more then a creepy guy talking to you on the bus
supporter:You could be a peer-supporter instead of a seeker, you wouldn't have to talk about your personal stuff, and it's actually been kind of nice to just give people some advice in a vacuum.
seeker:I tried but I kept failing the test
seeker:I have got so much going for me, If only the volcano hadnt come and destroyed what little I had left
supporter:That's horrible that happened to you, but don't you believe in yourself?  
seeker:no not really,
seeker:nothing to believe in
supporter:You should, you said yourself that you have got so much going for you.  
seeker:that was sarcasm, one of my only friends
supporter:Ah I see
seeker:well I tortured you enough
seeker:thanks for listening
supporter:You're welcome, I hope things start getting better soon :-)

seeker:Hello, I am currently going through a bad breakup with my boyfriend.
seeker:Hello
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that.  How is that affecting you?
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that.  How is that affecting you?
seeker:I am pretty sad about it and the entire situation.
supporter:I'm so sorry that you feel sad about the situation.  
seeker:Thanks. I am focused on moving on and figuring my life out, but I feel like it's causing me to neglect other important aspects of my life.
supporter:What makes you think you are neglecting other important aspects in your life?
seeker:I am also a student in my Masters program, and I haven't been paying attention as closely as I was before.
supporter:That sounds difficult.  You sound like a strong person still persevering in your Masters even through this difficult time even if you can't pay attention as closely as before.
seeker:It is difficult. I am trying hard but I have been having a tough time, especially now that I have been searching for a new place to live.
supporter:I remember a bad breakup too where I wasn't sure how the future would go.  It can be scary not knowing what will come. It sounds like having a Master's degree can really help you be independent though.
seeker:Yes I hope so and I hope I can get through this program.
supporter:I had to repeat a class and it took an extra year to finish my graduate school.  The feeling of accomplishment and grit I developed made a huge difference though in my future abilities to cope with major stresses.  You too will come out stronger.
seeker:Yeah that's somewhat of the boat I'm now in.
seeker:I just want to finish and create a new life but I have to reassess and make new goals.
supporter:That sounds like a great plan.  You sound like a very motivated person getting a masters degree is so difficult and you are working toward it. You will do well.  I wish you all the best.
seeker:Thank you so much and thank you for the encouraging words.
supporter:Perhaps there is a counselor at school that could help you with reworking through some of your goals?
seeker:Yes there may be. I have to look into it.
supporter:There may be other students as well who are going through the same things as you that you could chat with.
seeker:That's a good idea. I need to talk with people who understand and who just won't tell me to get over it. 
supporter:Absolutely.  I think things will turn around for you.  You have a lot going for you and are very intelligent.  
seeker:Thank you so much. I hope so! I know this will pass.
supporter:Things will get better with time.  Keep pursuing your dreams
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with?

seeker:Hi. How is your evening?
supporter:Hello, I am doing well, thank you for asking :-)  What can I help you with tonight? 
seeker:I’m feeling pretty down and angry. 
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that.  Is there a particular issue that you are upset about?
seeker:My girlfriend broke up with me. 
supporter:That's a really rough situation to deal with, your emotions are totally understandable.  
seeker:I’m feeling so down. Especially why she broke up with me. 
supporter:What was the reason she gave for breaking up with you?  
seeker:She is black and I’m white. It was tough on the relationship. 
supporter:Cultural differences can be insurmountable obstacles in a relationship for some people.
seeker:I know but our synergy was amazing. I miss her so much. That skin drove me crazy!
supporter:Getting over the good parts of a relationship can be hard.  For some reason our brains like to obsess over the good parts like they were the only part of the relationship, and ignore all of the problems.  
seeker:That is deep.  I just need to do things to get my mind off of her. 
supporter:Taking up an exercise you like can be helpful.  You can work on yourself and blow off steam.
seeker:That’s a good idea. I might do yoga too. 
supporter:Know also that you will find someone new when it's right, and that you will create a new synergy with that new person.  We don't ever love anyone the same way twice.  
seeker:You are making me feel better. That is very true. I may just casual date for now. 
seeker:I might take a trip to Jamaica. 
supporter:That sounds like fun!  Whatever you do, take care of your heart
seeker:What do you think
supporter:About going to Jamaica?  Sounds lovely

seeker:How could my partner say he loves me, go out with me for one year and then cheat.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear about that, have you discussed how it made you feel with your partner?
seeker:Yes, but he barely calls me back.  I'm worried that he all of a sudden is so distant.
supporter:If it were entirely up to you how would you like your relationship to proceed from here?
seeker:I would ideally like him to say he was sorry and never look at another woman but now I doubt his faithfulness and think the only reason I'm with him is because I'm so lonely.
supporter:It sounds like you worry you will not be able to trust him in the future because of this no matter what his future actions are, do you think there is anything he could do or say that would change this?
seeker:I do worry a lot.  If he would commit fully to me that would help perhaps.  If he never cheated again but I don't know if he can do that reliably.
supporter:What would you define as full commitment from him? 
seeker:I think marriage, but then again if he cheats then what commitment is that really if it ends in divorce?
supporter:That's true and divorce can be expensive. You mentioned before that you feel like you are with him mostly because you are lonely, is that how your relationship started?
seeker:That's a good point you make.  I was lonely and wanting to fill that void.  But, I do want a family.  I'm just not sure he is that committed or even mature enough to handle this responsibility. Perhaps I'm naive.
supporter:I don't think you are naive, you are clearly asking yourself the right questions about building a future with him
seeker:Thanks for the encouragment.  
supporter:Do you have friends and family around that could help distract you from the loneliness until you find someone you are comfortable starting a family with?
seeker:Maybe that would be a good plan as I am close with my family.  Thanks!
supporter:Of course! There also probably community resources where you can meet new people and explore new interests! Unfortunately I think a lot of that might have to wait til Covid passes 
seeker:Thanks that might be another suggestion to consider.  
supporter:Of course! Anything else on your mind you would like to discuss?
seeker:When will this COVID ever end?  It's even hard to find new partners
supporter:I know, I've heard some people have found success with zoom dates.
seeker:That may just work.  That's not much pressure either.

supporter:Good evening :-)  What can I help with you with tonight?  
seeker:just graduated university and my parents are pressuring me to pursue becoming a doctor
supporter:Oof, that is a very difficult situation.  I'm sorry you're going through that.  How do you feel about it?  
seeker:I'm angry. I just want to be done school. but parents are on my butt about it.  
supporter:What do your parents say when/if you tell them you want to be done with school?  
seeker:they get mad at me and say they are dissapointed. I want to travel and see the world. not more schooling. 
supporter:That's not a fair thing for them to say to their child.  I will say that there are academic programs that combine travel and credits, but you probably know that already.  And I don't think you should have to compromise anyway. 
seeker:They won't take a compromise. parents are stubborn. What should i do? please parents or pursue my passion?
supporter:I cannot tell you what to do exactly, but I would encourage you to fulfill yourself before anyone else's dictation of your life.  
seeker:Yeah i'm leaning that. i already graduated university. i fulfilled half of their dream.  you think telling them my honest opinion will be a good idea? 
supporter:I think you need to be prepared for them to not be happy with your honest opinion, but that just because they aren't happy with it doesn't mean it's wrong.  
seeker:thanks great advise. i will definitely be prepapred. i don't care if i dissapoint them. it's my life not theres. i'll live with the consequences 
supporter:Keep in mind that from their point of view, they want the best for you because they love you, so try not to burn the bridge or salt the earth.  I had a rocky relationship with my dad after college too, but it's better now.  They will survive, and you will thrive.  
seeker:Thank you. yeah i get that. but they should be happy for me. They cant make decisions for me all the time. let me free!!! 
supporter:That feeling is totally understandable, I felt the same way.  They need to let you find your own way, it's apart of growing up.
seeker:Thank you. at least someone agrees with me.  Do i have the right to be angry at them?
supporter:The anger is understandable, but I think it is slightly misplaced as they are not trying to hurt you.  You are frustrated by their lack of understanding and their judgement of your choices, but you and they are both attempting to solve the same problem of your happiness.  
seeker:Good advice. you are great at this.
supporter:That's very kind of you to say, thank you :-)
seeker:Thank you for the great talk. im not as angry anymore. will take there feelings into consideration 
supporter:You are a great listener and have a lot of passion, I think you will be successful for sure.
seeker:Thanks have a good day. 
supporter:You too!

supporter:Hi How are you this evening?
seeker:Hi. I'm okay at the moment, how are you?
supporter:I am doing great! Would you like to talk about anything that may be bothering you
supporter:I have a some time and would love to listen to you if you would like to share anything
supporter:Are you there?
seeker:Just feeling really bad lately. Like nothing I do is enough. Like I'm not a good mom to my kids. Like nothing I do is right.
supporter:I can understand how you feel like you are worthless. However, I know for a fact you are NOT worthless. You were created with a purpose and a plan and God doesn't make Mistakes. 
supporter:I apologize I mean no disrespect just sharing my personal belief 
seeker:It's fine, no need to apologize
supporter:Have you had any chance for ME Time where husband friend or family could watch your kids and give mommy a break.  I Know I know its hard with Covid but lets pretend Covid isn't here
supporter:Maybe lock the door watch a tv movie show if you have tv in bedroom or send kids outside if old enough or take a bubble bath after they are in bed 
supporter:since Covid time . After Covid than you can go out with friends go see a movie you wanted to see maybe or go get your hair nail done.. What do you like to do just for fun
supporter:How long have you been feeling worthless or under appreciated
seeker:My children's father is in jail right now and even if he wasn't, I wouldn't be comfortable leaving them with him for any period of time. They're five and one, so they don't go outside without me. I don't have too many people I can leave them with. Everyone I know works and is busy with their lives, I feel guilty asking them.
seeker:For a long time, even before my ex left us
supporter:Oh my ! I can fully understand how you feel protective of your children and guilty for asking others for help
supporter:I can tell just from what you wrote you are a GREAT mom and doing amazing job.. You definitely have your hands full
supporter:It sounds like because you have no help you have to do it all and you feel like you can't cope so to speak 
seeker:Yes, I do and thank you. It's so hard. I never thought I would be doing it by myself and sometimes I feel like I have no idea what I'm doing and that what I am doing is wrong.
supporter:but my goodness one mom to another you are only one person and give yourself some slack.. YOu are doing two peoples job.. Its not that you are worthless its just stress causing you to put yourself down
seeker:Sometimes, I feel like I'm losing my mind
supporter:It is so HARD being a single parent and Im sure kids miss their dad or maybe not but I am sure they put pressure on to be both parents .  They are young and as long as you truly do your best and sometimes that means taking care of you so you can be the best , you are only one person and the kids when older will appreciate all that you did . Keep the faith
seeker:They do ask about him sometimes and I tell them that he can't come and see us right now, but for the most part, I don't think they even notice. They definitely notice when he is around, and then they get upset when he leaves. 
supporter:Yes I can imagine it would be for all of you.  It just confuses them and brings up feelings. 
seeker:Yes, it does. I'm not sure if those feelings are good or bad.
seeker:He wasn't really here all that much before he officially left so by the time he did, they were used to him being gone
supporter:I am sorry you have to go through this. I just pray that you never forget how great you are and when negative feelings rear its ugly head you don't give into those negative feelings.  Could you make a list of positive affirmations you could make print out and read daily

seeker:hello
supporter:hi, how are you doing?  Would you like to discuss anything today?
seeker:I am good. How are you?
supporter:Good also, what would you like to discuss?
seeker:I am having a little bit of conflict with my parents. I want to pursue psychology major while they want me to do business so I can help my brother's business in the future
seeker:They feel I am letting them down
supporter:It sound like you are feeling very overwhelmed and unsupported by your parents.
seeker:Yes
seeker:I have no idea how to explain to them
seeker:but at the same time I do not want to let them down
supporter:I have felt this way too, perhaps sit down with them and your brother and talk the situation out. 
seeker:My brother is out of the country right now
seeker:and my parents are not willing to listen to me at the moment
supporter:Perhaps you can write a letter to your parents.
seeker:my parents are her
seeker:With me
seeker:my brother is out of country
supporter:Does your brother want your help?
seeker:not right now, but he wants me to in the future
supporter:Then perhaps tell him you do not want to help him, that you have the right to pursue your own dreams.
seeker:Yes I was thinking myself to have a full on conversation with him and explained him that just like he has the right I have the right as well
seeker:I am pretty sure if he understand then my parents will too
supporter:Sounds like that is a great plan.  
seeker:Thank you so much for listening to me and explaining me!
seeker:I really appreciate your helo
seeker:help*
supporter:your welcome.
seeker:I hope you have a good day
supporter:same to you.
supporter:bye
seeker:Bye
seeker:bye

supporter:Good evening :-)  How are you tonight?
seeker:I’m ok. I’m just calming down. 
supporter:That's good that you're calming down but were you previously upset?
seeker:I got into a major blowout with my parents. 
supporter:That's really rough, I'm sorry to hear that.  
seeker:I’m just so upset. They don’t approve of my girlfriend. 
supporter:And they would like you to break up with her?
seeker:Oh definitely. 
supporter:It's complicated when parents want input into their child's relationships.  That is really explosive stuff.  
seeker:I’m not giving in. I really like her and she is soooo hot. 
supporter:Are you going to have to be around your parents soon after this?  
seeker:Yes I will be. Just because she is black, they don’t approve. 
supporter:Oof, I see.  I can understand you being upset by that, it's a silly reason to disapprove.  Was the blowout in any way productive or just angry?
seeker:Just angry. I’m not sure what to do. 
supporter:I don't know that this problem will be solved with one single choice or conversation.  Do you live with your parents?
seeker:I do not. I was thinking of having my girlfriend move in with me. 
supporter:Ah, well then their opinion of your romantic relationships is 100% irrelevant.
seeker:I guess but I don’t want to not have them in my life. But  have I mentioned how hot my girlfriend is? Lol
seeker:So hot and dark. Yummy. 
supporter:There's not an easy way to get people to let go of those kinds of beliefs.  Yes, you did mention that, haha.  Physical attraction is awesome but perhaps not the best basis to move someone in with you :-)
seeker:Maybe not but it will be fun. 

seeker:Hi. I have a big exam coming up and I am very afraid of not doing well.
supporter:Well I can help you study if you'd like?
seeker:How are you going to help me study? I am not sure if you are familiar with my course material...
supporter:What is your exam about? Plus you have a whole night to study!
seeker:My exam is about contract law. I have the whole night, but I have studied all day and am exhausted.
supporter:I have an idea, do you have any friends in the same course or know anyone that is familiar with that subject? If so, maybe you can communicate with them and they can break it down in a short version.
seeker:Wow, that's actually a really good idea. I have a friend who took the course last year but I am worried that if I ask her for help she will think poorly of me.
supporter:Don't worry I know you feel exhausted from studying all day, but she is your friend and friends have each others back especially for school work. You don't have much to lose, go ahead and give it a shot.
seeker:That is true. I will reach out to her now. 
supporter:I'm sure you will do just fine, you can do it!
seeker:I still have some self-doubt given that I have failed an exam in the past... 
supporter:Well studies show that if you continuously think negatively, than that is how your life will be lived. But if you try thinking positively and confident than you will more likely live a better life and do better. Try thinking positively the rest of the night and your brain will feel confident enough to remember and retain important information about your exam.
seeker:I really appreciate this advice. I am feeling better about the exam and feel like I should envision myself passing and doing well. 
supporter:Yes, thats the spirit it works for me!
seeker:I will give it a try!
supporter:Okay is there anything else I can help you with or should I let you go?
seeker:No, I should go study now. thank you for your help.
supporter:Of course anytime, have a goodnight!
seeker:You too! 
seeker:Wait! I have another concern.
supporter:Yes, what is that?
seeker:Do you have any tips for staying cool under pressure while I am taking my exam?
supporter:Yes I do actually. First make sure you get a good nights sleep so your brain can rest and function at its best. Next get to class a little early so you have time to soak up the energy in the room and you get a sense of your surroundings. Take it easy and do not rush. Just one question at a time, next thing you know its over.
seeker:That is great advice. I will certainly try and get a good night of rest.
supporter:Great anything else?
seeker:Nope :)
supporter:Okay  it has been nice chatting with you, feel free to end the chat now, goodbye.

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:I am sad. I wish my partner would have a better job.
seeker:I wish I could have an extra $500 a week to survive.
seeker:I have three children who depend on me too.
seeker:The pandemic is making work hard as there is not enough work.
seeker:Everything is so expensive too.
seeker:I need money to buy groceries and basic needs.
seeker:I worry for my children.
seeker:This is not their fault yet they are suffering.
seeker:What would you do?
seeker:How are you?
supporter:I can imagine how difficult money can be during the pandemic as I had trouble looking for good jobs too.
seeker:Thank you!
supporter:If I were in your situation, I would probably seek out nonprofit organizations that provide basic supplies look food.
seeker:That is a good idea.
supporter:I would also apply for unemployment if I were out of a job.
seeker:I have a job but it is minium wage. I am still looking everyday for more work.
seeker:This is nice to have someone to talk to.
supporter:You are doing your best. And I agree. It's always good to get your feelings out there.
supporter:Do you have a support system like friends or family or a counselor?
seeker:Thank you. The older we get, the more anxiety builts up as we know consequences not like when we were kids.
seeker:I have my friends but I don't like to discuss money.
supporter:I totally get what you are saying. Adulting is difficult.
supporter:Do you think it would help to talk about your money issues with your friends?
seeker:I do mturk to help. It's not a lot but it can buy a loaf of bread which is nice.
seeker:Yes being an adult is difficult, but life is hard in general.
supporter:Have you tried using scripts like hit forker and jr panda crazy? They are basically extensions that help to pick up the higher paying hits for you. I use it myself and it's very helpful!
supporter:There are lots of Youtube videos that show you how to use them.
seeker:I've never heard of it and I don't know what that is.
seeker:Thank you I will look into it.
seeker:I do surveys on swagbucks and that earns gift cards.
seeker:its not a lot, but still anything helps.
supporter:You are very welcome! You could also try going to temp agencies to find employment. They typically set you up with work that you can start almost immediately if not immediately.
seeker:You give great advice!
supporter:I try. I was working at a bookstore at minimum wage for 2 years so I totally understand where you are coming from and had coworkers that also had kids. The best advice I can give is to continue to put yourself out there and take opportunities as they come even if they are short term because the more experience you have, the easier it is to find a better job even during the pandemic.
seeker:thumbs up
supporter:Is there anything else you wanted to talk about?

supporter:Good evening :-)  How are you doing this evening?  
seeker:Hi. I have been better. 
supporter:I'm really sorry to hear that.  What are you going through?  
seeker:I’m just feeling blue lately.  
supporter:That is understandable, things are very uncertain for a lot of people.  Do you have specific things you are worried about or is it a general feeling of dysphoria?   
seeker:I’m worried about the pandemic mostly. I’m feeling anxious and alone. 
supporter:Yes, the pandemic is a scary and unprecedented ongoing event that is hard to process.  Have you been isolating for a long time?  
seeker:I have. It’s been awhile since I have seen my family. I haven’t seen much of my friends either. 
supporter:It's good that you're reaching out here for some support!  Are you able to communicate with them via other means, text or Facetime/Zoom?
seeker:I do but it’s not the same. I’m just feeling lonely and sad. Watching these radicals and liberals is not helping me either. 
supporter:Taking a social media and news break could be a good idea.  Sometimes it gets to feeling like we have to keep reading about the horrors of the world or else we are not doing anything at all.
seeker:I like your advice. I’m definitely cutting back on the social media. It just adds to my anxiety and depression. 
supporter:When I get anxious and overloaded by everything that's happening, I like to watch pottery videos.  They're so soothing.  
supporter:And personally, I really like long baths and taking care of my skin.  Being in water is physiologically calming, and having smooth skin makes me feel taken care of.  
seeker:Yum. Sounds nice ��. I wish my pool was open. 
supporter:I try to stay engaged with my friends and family via text as much as I can.  Even though it's not the same, it's something, and we have to maintain our connections.
seeker:I hear you. Thanks for the great advice. I wish I wasn’t alone though. 
supporter:Being alone is a tough situation, but you can take care of your brain and your heart by giving them a break from the chaos
seeker:You are right. I think I will just focus on me and my mental health. 
supporter:You have an awesome attitude, I know you can do it :-)
seeker:Thanks �� 

seeker:hi
supporter:Good evening, how are you?
seeker:I'm good
supporter:What can I help you out with tonight?
seeker:I'm a little nervous about accepting the project from my friend
supporter:That sounds like a complicated situation
seeker:it is
supporter:Is the project something you will become responsible for?
seeker:to a degree
supporter:Is that a responsibility you want to have, or is it a burden that is being thrust upon you?
seeker:both
supporter:Well, I think if it's truly a responsibility you want, you will work to live up to it as best you can.  
seeker:I will. It's the best thing for me to do at the moment. I'm very much needed
supporter:That's excellent, not many people can say that!  It's starting to sound more and more like an opportunity for you to prove yourself :-)
seeker:It will be to say the least. I might have to deal with people I don't like and who don't like me
supporter:That's an unfortunate part of most group projects, I hate to say.  Interpersonal communication can be so hard.  I have been a project manager in the past, and found that you have to consider Person XYZ did not wake up in the morning and decide to make your life harder.  
supporter:And as long as you can keep things polite and professional, everyone gets to go home separately, thankfully!  Haha
seeker:That's a good point! lol
supporter:Foster the people around you that can provide you support, be a reliable producer and leader, and you will find that those that don't like you will move on.  And, most importantly, you can only control how you respond/behave.  If someone wants to instigate conflict, that will reflect poorly upon them.  
seeker:So avoid them if they get hostile with me?
supporter:You can only engage with what abuse and hostility you accept.  If you smile in response, it will make you feel better than if you internalize their aggression.  
seeker:True.

seeker:Hello. How are you?
supporter:Hello, I am well.  What can I help you with this evening?
seeker:I’m feeling pretty down in the dumps. 
supporter:Are you upset about a specific issue or is it a general feeling of "blue"?
seeker:I broke up with my girlfriend. We dated for over two years. 
supporter:That's a really hard experience to go through, I'm sorry you are having to go through that.  
supporter:That's a really hard experience to go through, I'm sorry you are having to go through that.  
seeker:Thanks. I’m trying to keep myself busy. Any suggestions?
supporter:I had a bad break-up a few years ago, and took it very easy on myself for a few weeks afterward.  I let myself eat whatever I wanted, and have what physical comforts I could find while my mind and my heart healed.  
supporter:I tried to avoid alcohol, because that will just increase depression and anxiety.  
seeker:Good idea. I thought about dating again. Do you think it is too soon?
seeker:True. 
supporter:I think you are the only person who can decide when you are ready to start dating again, but I would encourage you to try to keep it light and casual at first.  
seeker:Great advice. Casual dating is a good idea. Don’t want to get attached right now. 
supporter:Strengthen yourself and your boundaries and pursue your interests.  I got into boxing and it's a great way to get in shape and have an emotional release.  
seeker:I took up running and yoga. I stopped going to the gym. What else did you do?
supporter:I rehabbed a bunch of my houseplants.  I had some really sad looking pothos plants and I started reading about how to revitalize them.  
supporter:I got them healthy enough to start a second generation from cuttings, and it was such simple, calm work, it was almost like meditation. 
seeker:That is interesting. I will look into that! I just want to keep my mind off of the break up. 
supporter:That is totally understandable, and I think you can do it.  
seeker:She not worth this trouble any way. I’ll find someone better!
supporter:You will find someone that will be a better fit, that is to be sure.  
seeker:Definitely. I may just hook up  in the meantime. 
supporter:That could be fun and validating for you!  It's always nice to get some attention
seeker:Oh yeah!

supporter:Hello :-)
seeker:Hi
supporter:How are you doing?
seeker:Today hasn't been too bad
supporter:Anything you need to talk about?
seeker:Lately I have been having trouble sleeping
supporter:That's very common is there anything that has change that doesn't allow you to sleep?
seeker:Since I lost my job quite a few months ago I've not been able to sleep as well
supporter:Yes that has been a big stressor for many. I sometimes find myself having trobule to fall asleep. So I make sure my room is dark and think about something relaxing. 
seeker:I think my problem is I think too much :-(
supporter:no tv, cell phones etc. a hot shower before bed might help. 
supporter:When you can not shut your mind down it will prevent you from thinking and so I will actually to clear my head just think of something relaxing or enjoyable. 
seeker:I guess I can try that
supporter:Try to make sure the room is dark and for whatever reason they say a glass of warm milk too but I never had to try that, just relaxing thoughts and a dark room and a fan idk. 
seeker:Why a fan?
supporter:the sound of the fan can be relaxing for me idk why 
seeker:okay
supporter:sometimes white noise helps or the sounds of frogs on an app idk why but that works for some people too. The important thing is find something that works and relaxes your mind from thinking too much if you can. 
seeker:Frogs huh? I don't think that would sound relaxing. Haha
supporter:a running river or something that is tranquil to you and frogs work for some people or crickets idk why lol. 
seeker:Interesting
supporter:Hopefully this pandemic willl be over and we can all go back to work 

supporter:hello 
supporter:hello are you there?
seeker:Hi yes I am here
supporter:How has life been going for you?
seeker:It's somewhat hard, how about you?
supporter:I its been quite tough for us all with the Covid 19 chaos
seeker:Yeah, it really is. I'm sorry to hear that. 
supporter:Anything you would like to talk about as to why things been going so rough for you?
supporter:Has Covid 19 affected you or your family?
seeker:Its hard being isolated and living alone 
supporter:You dont have friends or company that comes to visit? I know going through tough times can have you feeling alone.
seeker:yeah it is hard thanks for asking. i hope that you are doing alright
supporter:I am doing what I love to do most which is helping others because it makes me feel better to help others if I can.
seeker:That's good to hear. I'm glad that you have something
supporter:I have something to look forward to everyday I can help someone vent about things they feel that they are unable to say out of fear of being judged or frowned upon or as you might say is rough about your life
seeker:Yeah I can see how that would help, something to look forward to
supporter:finding what make one happy can be a big job
supporter:you stay positive and you are sure to get positive results!
seeker:that makes sense, thanks!
supporter:you are very welcome
seeker:I hope you have a good night
supporter:you have a good night as well.

seeker:hi 
supporter:Hello! My name is Joe. It's nice to meet you! How are you doing today?
seeker:Really am not feeling well, am not able to handle my stress
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that! Is there anything specific going on that is stressing you out?
seeker:covid 19
supporter:It sounds to me like COVID-19 in general is causing you a lot of stress. Does this sound accurate to you?
seeker:yes because of my age and low immunity level
supporter:I also have a compromised immune system, so I understand where you're coming from. All of this has been very scary.
seeker:yes moreover i am living alone, for my job and needs i need to take care of myself 
supporter:I know it's tough, but I believe that if we all keep working together and talking through our feelings, we can make it through this!
seeker:But when i see social media and News every day it increasing my stress level
supporter:I live alone as well and also need to take care of myself. It can be so hard at times.
supporter:I found that spending less time on social media and less time watching the news has helped my anxiety level to an extent. I don't think you should completely stop listening to what's going on as it's important to stay informed, but for me, limiting the amount of time that I spend engaging in these activities really helped.
supporter:Have you thought about limiting how much time you spend tuning into news sources and especially on social media? I know it's hard because there isn't much to do.
seeker:yes but what can i do if am not spending time on it
seeker:there is not much option now i can't go out also
supporter:Have you considered spending your time engaging in other hobbies? I've been doing a lot of arts and crafts (one in particular called diamond painting that can be ordered directly from Amazon) and also reading novels that I can also have delivered right to my door. This also prevents me from having to go out in public.
supporter:Talking to me about how you're feeling is a great start! I'm proud of you for being open and honest about what's going on in your head. It's very easy for people to get stuck inside of their own minds right now.
supporter:Another suggestion I've been mentioning to others suffering from the mental stressors that COVID-19 is causing is considering speaking to an outpatient/occupational therapist. Is this something you'd be willing to consider?
seeker:Thanks that was good idea better keep away myself from social media for a while
seeker:thanks for your support
supporter:You're welcome! I'm more than happy to provide any help that I can. I'd also very highly recommend finding hobbies that you enjoy, even if arts and crafts or reading aren't your thing. Can you think of anything else that would help you to keep your mind off everything going on?
supporter:I've also found that guided meditation (you can find a lot of these for free on YouTube) helps to calm my mind down at night and allows me to get a really good night's sleep.
seeker:thanks
supporter:You're very welcome! I hope that some of the things that I suggested help you to get through all of this.
supporter:It seems as though you're feeling very similar to how I've been feeling.
seeker:yes
supporter:How has the weather been where you are? Sometimes, just getting outside for a brief walk alone or even just for a few minutes to get some fresh air can really be helpful.
seeker:sanjose
supporter:I found a few months ago that the more time I spent watching the news and following COVID-19, the more depressed and anxious I got. I decided that I'd spend 30 minutes twice per week catching up on what's going on in my local area and around the globe. Other than that, I try not to focus on it as much as I can.
supporter:Wow, it must be beautiful there! I'm in Pennsylvania.
seeker:that would help

supporter:Hello how are you?
seeker:Hi. How are you?
supporter:Doing good and yourself?
seeker:I’ve been better. Just got into a major argument with my parents. 
supporter:That can be tough can  you tell me what the argument was about?
seeker:They don’t agree with the girl I have been dating. 
supporter:So, why do you think they think that?
seeker:Because of her race. She is black. 
supporter:I can see why you would be upset about that. So, that is the only reason they don't approve. At this point when they are not as upset you may want to share all the reason she a great girlfriend. If it is based totally on race not sure you can change their minds. 
seeker:You are right. But I’m afraid it is solely based on race. She is such a great person. I wish they could look past her race. 
supporter:I completely understand that and if you really like her and they see how happy she makes you maybe they will come around. 
seeker:I hope so. But they are old school. I just lost my cool. 
supporter:I would be upset too so, it's understandable.  Just reassure them you love them and your happy and hopefully one day they will be happy with your decesion. If not then it is your decesion who you date and I think they know that too. 
seeker:Have you dated interracial?
supporter:Yes  I have and my parents did not approve either
supporter:Eventually my parents came around and most likely yours will too. 
seeker:What race was it? What did you do?
supporter:It was in highschool I dated a black man after I became an adult they didn't say much about who I dated and I countinued to date the person and it ended when he went in the miltary and I went to college not at first but it was the distance thing. 
seeker:Interesting. My girl is black. I hope they come around too. 
supporter:Most likely they will if she makes you happy they will see that :-)
seeker:You have been a great help!
supporter:Glad that I could be and good luck to you

seeker:Hi. How are you?
supporter:Good how are you doing?
seeker:I’ve had better days. 
supporter:Sorry to hear that, would you like to talk about it?
seeker:I definitely would if you are willing to listen. 
supporter:I would be willing to do that 
seeker:I recently broke up with my girlfriend. We dated for two years. Just feeling blue. 
supporter:Break ups are the worst and feeling blue is totally understandable.  
seeker:I just need to do things to keep my mind off of it I guess. 
supporter:Reflection is important but healing and moving on which will take a little time is also important :-). 
seeker:You are so right. Any ideas on what I should do?
supporter:Yes distraction is really good like taking up a new interest or reading a good book something like that. Any friends you can hang out with? 
seeker:I love reading. I might do just that. I have friends but with this pandemic it is hard to get together with them. 
supporter:Yes this pandemic has really been hard on social interaction and a good book you can be great distraction. 
seeker:I will do that. I might try some yoga. 
supporter:I am a Yogi Bear too and that is great for relaxation we did the angry dog and we barked lol in class yesterday 
supporter:We meet outside in the park even finding a remote space in a park might do some good you never know 
seeker:Lol. That is awesome. I already feel calm!
supporter:Perfect :-) 
seeker:How long you been doing yoga?
supporter:About 10 years 
supporter:I need it and it really does help ease the stress for me

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hello, what can i help today?
seeker:I am going through a bad breakup 
supporter:I am sorry to hear that, when did it happen?
seeker:This month. We've been together off and on for over 17 years
supporter:It must be heart broken for you. Have you talked to each other at all after it happend?
seeker:Yeah. We still live together but I am working on moving out
supporter:Did you talk to your friends about this? Maybe they can offer some advice as they know you best
seeker:My best friends support me in this and know what I am going through. It's just really painful
supporter:It is understandable to feel that way. I agree it's best to move out, you won't be able to move on if you still see each other. Have you considered seeing a therapist?
seeker:I am working on that too after I move out. I've needed to get back into therapy for a while
supporter:I suggest reaching out to your friends and try to distract yourself with activities that you want but haven't been able to do 
seeker:I plan to do that and enjoy more time with my dog. 
supporter:Having a dog as companion right now is perfect. If you can, take your dog on a short trip somewhere, preferably in the nature
seeker:My best friend lives a few hours away so after we get settled, I'm hoping to go see them. It's been a few years
seeker:Thank you for helping me out and all of your suggestions
supporter:I agree,I think how you look at the situation is important. Yes it's terrible, no one dares to say this is a blessing event. However, you can look at it differently, this is your chance to live for yourself and improve as a person
seeker:Thank you for that. I really needed that.
supporter:I'm glad I could help
seeker:Thank you for your time and everything. I hope you are well and you have a great day/night/week!
supporter:you too!
seeker:I really feel so much better now. You made me feel not alone in this! 

supporter:How are you feeling today?
seeker:tired
seeker:and u?
supporter:It seems like an exhausting time for a lot of people right now
supporter:I'm also a bit tired but doing OK
supporter:What's been on your mind recently?
seeker:just trying to finish this semester
supporter:It seems like a stressful time to be in college.
supporter:How have you been coping with everything going on?
seeker:listening to music
supporter:Nice!  What kind of music do you like?
seeker:mainly hip hop and r&b but I dabble in some alternative, hyperpop, and edm
supporter:I also like hip hop and r&b.  It's too bad we aren't able to go to any live music events for a while, though
seeker:yea. have u done any of the virtual concerts?
supporter:I've seen them advertised but I haven't tried any of them yet.  I think I saw there was a Lil Nas X one coming up though, might check that out.  Have you done any?
seeker:yea the travis scott one and the nas one just happened yesterday. think there is only one showing left today then theyre done
seeker:it was ok nothing amazing
supporter:Oh good to know.  Yeah, I don't know if virtual concerts can ever really compare to live ones.
seeker:whos some of your favorite artists?
supporter:Well, I'm in my 30s so I like the artists who were big about the time I was in high school/college since I have fond memories of that.  So, artists like Nelly, 50 cent, Eminem.  Also I'm from California so I have to say Tupac.
supporter:What about you?
seeker:I love those guys too. Need to listen to more of their discographys though. My favorites are kendrick lamar and kanye west
seeker:15 mins past. I guess we're done
supporter:Oh yeah, Kendrick is awesome and makes actual meaningful music.  Kanye also is super talented, sadly he seems to have his issues, but don't we all!
supporter:It was great talking to you :)  Nice to find someone with shared music tastes.  Hope you have a great rest of ur weekend and good luck with finishing your semester!
seeker:yea I dont agree with some of kanye's ideology but hes still extremely talented 
seeker:you too
supporter:Agree ^   and bye! :D

seeker:Things have much worse the last couple weeks
supporter:It seems like things have not be great for you over the past couple of weeks. Why do you feel they have been worse?
seeker:I had been seeing a therapist online and two weeks ago he was really mean, but said he thought it was a good session and we were making a breakthrough. Then when I signed on last week I signed in to request entrance into the meeting and after a few moments was told it was denied. Nothing like feeling the person who is paid to help you refusing to talk to you
supporter:That seems like a frustrating experience. What were your expectations of the session you were supposed to have? Did you feel like what you learned in your previous session would have helped you with dealing with what you typically work on in your mental health sessions?
seeker:I feel like he didn't help at all. Up to that point we mostly just talked about politics or whatever. I'm a charity patient, he get's paid through the organization, but because of my financial difficulties, I'm not paying. I think he saw that as a shortcoming on my part.
supporter:I think that is definitely one way to look at it. But another way to look at your situation is you figured out a therapist who isn't worth seeing. That brings you one step closer to finding one who does actually help you. All you need to do now, is do some research and find someone who has your best interest in mind. Believe me, there are great therapists and terrible therapists. You just need to find one of the good ones now.
seeker:I'm not sure I can find another who I don't have to pay. My insurance has a $20 copay and if I had to pay that I wouldn't be able to buy groceries. This came through my religious organization and he was the only one available in my area. I guess I just have to find another way to cope
supporter:If you have financial issues and you need the help from a therapist you deserve the treatment. One thing you can do is apply for Medicaid and EBT. The state you live in will give you money to pay for groceries and to get help from a therapist for free if you don't have a high enough income. It may be worth looking into because all you really need to do is fill out some forms and likely you will be approved. When I was younger and struggling, this had happened to me and I received both of these benefits and it totally turned my life around. I think it can do the same for you as well. 
seeker:I'm on Medicare and supplemental insurance. I didn't know you can, possibly, see one for free. I'll look into that. That is helpful. 
supporter:Sure thing. What are some of the coping strategies you've been practicing with your prior therapist?
seeker:I asked him to help me with some but all he would say is that I should stop vaping (I switched from smoking some years ago). I told him it feels like I'm walking a tightrope and he's suggesting I get rid of the safety net without giving me something else, some other way to cope. He said that's not what a therapist is supposed to do and that my resistance shows I don't really want to change.
supporter:I can see how that comment he made would be frustrating. If you feel like vaping, you should continue to do; however, what happens if say you go somewhere and find yourself in a stressful position? What would be strategy you could use in order to recenter yourself? Strategies are important as they balance us when we experience stressors that through us off. Have you ever thought about meditation?
seeker:I asked him about meditation and if he could recommend something. He wouldn't. I have only been able to do it successfully once, at the meditation gardens when I visited my son in San Diego some years back. Since I can't always get to that kind of natural setting, I was hoping he could give me some resources. Do you know of any place I can find some?
supporter:Oh yes. Me personally, I like to scour youtube and find an environment with a sound I enjoy such as the beach. When I listen to that sound, I try to put myself by closing my eyes while sitting on the floor and breathing deeply for some time. It may be worth a try for you. I hope it helps you. Good luck!
seeker:That sounds like a good idea. I'll give that a try
supporter:I wish you all the best!
seeker:Thank you
seeker:You've been helpful

supporter:How are you doing today?
seeker:hello I am ok how are you? 
supporter:I am well, what's on your mind?
seeker:well as I stated above my father passed last year and now due to finances we need to move. I am out of work due to Covid19 it is hard moving not being able to support my family  
supporter:So sorry to hear about your plight.  Life is a roller coaster and sometimes it gets out of control, I hope things slow down so you can get things straightened out. 
seeker:thank you! I find myself so stressed then I get scared and depressed wondering what will the future hold will we be ok will we take another hit will I get sick will my Mother be ok  
supporter:I understand your concerns about being stressed, scared and depressed. The risk of family getting sick is certainly valid.  
seeker:it keeps me up at night and I cant seem to get away form it even for a moment 
supporter:I too worry about things I feel I cannot control, the lack of sleep due to this just makes it worse so I try to think of positive things, but its hard. 
seeker:yes and its always in the back of my mind burning. Like don't be to happy because things are going to fail 
supporter:Its hard to stop those negative thoughts, but the first step is sharing your feelings with others and talking about it.  You are now on your way to healing. 
seeker:It does help to talk about it with someone who doesn't judge 
supporter:I can see in your words how stressed you are and troubled.  
seeker:This whole covid thing makes it 10 times worse 
supporter:May I suggest that you seek some face to face support from a best friend or close family member. 
seeker:easier said then done I'm high risk so I have been social distancing 
supporter:Its still possible.  Social distancing, six feet away but in maybe your backyard or even a park away from others so you can talk with some degree of confidence that its private.  Just being around another person is so very supportive and positive. Please try. 
seeker:maybe but I need to be carful plus honest I dont want many people to know about my feelings 
supporter:True. Remember, you are not the only one facing these troubles, others are tackling it too.  Try also to google online support groups on Reddit and blogs for additional assistance and suggestions from those who faced it and succeeded.  Doing what others did to overcome it means not having to reinvent the whole process on your own.  
seeker:maybe an online chat group 
supporter:That's the way to go.  Keep seeking help.  The right solution is there for you.  Now you have a plan to get started.  
seeker:well I don't know if its a plan but an idea just knowing I'm not alone helps 
supporter:Yes, it a problem so many people are facing. 
supporter:My own family members are facing this too.  
seeker:yes I know and with covid so many are depressed stressed and sad 
supporter:I read a few articles on Psychology today website that might help you also.  They discuss how to control stress and overcome depression in this world of COVID.  Written by some doctors and they are free to read. 
seeker:thanks I will have to look online take your suggestion 
supporter:You are welcome.   You are on your way.  
seeker:thank you for your kind words 
supporter:It was my pleasure. 
seeker:I will look online for the info you suggested I will see if maybe I can talk to a friend if we can do safely thanks again  

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello! 
seeker:How are you?
supporter:I'm fine. How are you? Is there any issue I can help you with?
seeker:Yeah I'm really depressed. I just found out my buddy of 20 years is now posting that he believes Trump and that the election is being stolen from him. I thought I knew him but now I don't know.
supporter:That's a really tough thing to deal with. It can be hard to be confronted with a different, unexpected side from a trusted friend. 
seeker:And I had this guy as my best man for my wedding
supporter:Perhaps you can try reasoning with him. I'm certain that your judgement in friendships is not flawed and although he has made quite the yikes choice, he still has redeemable qualities. Especially if he wasn't making his political viewpoint known until recently. It leans towards the idea that with the right information, he'll understand that Trump is a big loser and he lost lmao
seeker:I tried but he says that he's sick and tired of Facebook and Twitter putting a muzzle on Trump and ever since he's been on Parler he now knows the truth
seeker:It's like he doesn't believe science anymore
supporter:Consider directing him to news sources that are not Twitter or Facebook, though I know this is hard to do. it is just a teensy bit funny he thinks that Trump is being muzzled on twitter when they are not deleting any of his tweets. 
seeker:Yeah he thinks it's wrong that Twitter is flagging his tweets and he's mad that Facebook are taking down these groups that he feels are telling the truth
supporter:This seems like a very sudden reaction from him, from what I've gathered, seeing as how it took you by surprise. Is there anything going on his life that may have put him into a negative mindset? Perhaps he's having problems in a relationship or at work that is leading him to rabbit holes on the internet.
seeker:He just got furloughed.
seeker:Maybe like 3 weeks ago
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that. He might be struggling with that and looking to shift his negative feelings onto another issue, one that has the support of many. It could be providing him comfort to be angry at the suppression of Twitter rather than coming to terms with his own turmoil. I think talking to him about his job status might be a start in reasoning his new outlook.
seeker:I dunno. How do you think I should approach him about that? He's sort of touchy about the whole subject.
supporter:Gently. It's never a good idea to press the issue, especially if it seems like he's trying to avoid it. 
seeker:Yeah, it just seems whenever I try to chat about anything it just ends up in an agrument.
supporter:Perhaps you should implore the help of somebody else in his life. I understand wanting to help your friend, especially when it's negatively impacting your own mental health, but there's only so much one person can do. You both deserve to be in a good head space and asking for help is okay. 
seeker:Yeah I guess you're right. I suppose I can talk to his wife about it but I'm not sure how to bring it up. 
supporter:I'm sure she might already be concerned as well. It might be easier than you expect. If he's consistently getting in arguments with you, it's likely that he's stuck in a negative haze and it might be affecting his other relationships. 
seeker:That's true but I don't want to make this more complicated that it should be. But I used to date his wife so I'm sure in his state of mind, how he would take it if it were the two of us bringing this up.
supporter:Try having a private conversation with her and don't ask her to talk to him, merely push her in that direction. It's less plotting and more seeing her point of view as well.
seeker:Ok I see, good point.
seeker:Anyway you gave me a lot to think about. I appreciate your help.
supporter:I'm glad to have given you some steps that may help you! 

seeker:Hi. How are you?
supporter:I am okay. How are you doing today?
seeker:I’ve had better days. 
supporter:What has happened?
seeker:I’m having a hard time dealing with this pandemic. 
supporter:I know a lot of people who are feeling this way.   It is a difficult time
seeker:I’m trying to make the best of it but having a hard time. 
supporter:Why do you think you are struggling?
seeker:I’m feeling isolated and missing my family and friends. 
supporter:It sounds like you are feeling lonely. Is that right?
seeker:Yes. Video calls are not the same. 
supporter:I understand. Video calls can feel a bit less personal sometimes. Do you live alone?
seeker:Unfortunately I do. Thus it contributes to the loneliness. And I work from home. 
supporter:I see. So you aren't even getting that social contact at work really. Do you video chat to your family and friends regularly? 
seeker:I do but I’m getting tired of video chatting.  It’s just not the same. It’s tough, especially with the holidays approaching. 
supporter:I feel the same way. Having to keep in contact with friends through video has been difficult lately. I try to find something to do while we're chatting, like gaming or a quiz
seeker:Sounds good. Any ideas of what I can do to keep busy?

supporter:Hello, what can I help you today?
seeker:My depressive feelings and how to deal with them in a way I can cope.
seeker:hello by the way....:)
supporter:How long have you lived with depression?
seeker:For two weeks now.
supporter:Do you have problem with sleeping, eating or daily activity because of it?
seeker:I have never experienced depression until now.
seeker:Yes. I work remotely and my concentration is way off. It is affecting my production at work. I'm not enthused about anything. I am eating less. My husband tries to comfort me and it feels good in the moment but goes away when I am alone.
supporter:It seems like you're confused as what to expect and react as I understand
supporter:Depression is tough to deal with. We can try to find a way to temporarily suppress it but ultimately, we need to find the cause and treat
seeker:I am not confused. I just need suggestions on overcoming a death like this. All my happiness is wrapped up in this corona virus.9 Friends, family, coworkers, outings.)
seeker:How do you deal with death?
supporter:I cry, crying actually helps since it relieves the pain youhave to go through. After you cry, your body tends to be exhausted and you can just sleep without thinking
supporter:However, the best way to cope with death and depression in general is stay outdoor, be closed tothe nature
seeker:This is true and I have noticed that crying over this is something I have not done much. I do workout intensely 4 times a week but that has fallen off too. I do workout inside with a home gym. Maybe running outside wouls be more beneficial and help me feel closer spiritually towards her.
seeker:I think I'm still shocked a little.
supporter:I have noticed that whenever I'm depressed, I feel better staying outdoor so try doing that more often.
supporter:I understand. I also experience sudden lost a few years ago, I still haven't overcome completely but I now can be at ease thinking of him
seeker:I like these suggestions and I will try this! Thanks for great advice!
supporter:every emotion that you experience will be messy and confusing, but it's totally normal. Dealing with death is never easy.
seeker:Your so right but I already feel better after chatting with you. Thanks again!
supporter:I'm gladd I could be help to you
seeker:Bye now!
supporter:Bye

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hello.
seeker:I need some help.  I have been depressed.
supporter:How are you doing today? Do have anything on your mind?
supporter:Oh i see, well we can talk about that if you like. Has anything happened recently to make you feel this way?
seeker:I am not doing very well.  Very depressed with having to stay home because of the COVID-19/  I will appreciate anything you can do to help me.
supporter:It sounds like social isolation is really weighing on you...
seeker:Yes, it sure is.  I feel so alone.
seeker:I feel it will help to talk to an outsider.
supporter:Human being are social creatures by nature so please understand that the feelings that you are having are absolutely normal. So dont judge yourself or feel as if something is wrong with YOU
seeker:Sometimes it helps to a stranger - most of my friends feel as I do.
seeker:I am sure you are right - I thank you for your support.  
supporter:You mentioned your friends feel the same way you do... Have you guys thought about making trying to do a zoom party?
seeker:No, we haven't talked about that, but that is a great idea.  I will talk to them to see how they feel about doing this.  Thank you.
supporter:I have a group of sister friends and we threw a zoom party. we scheduled it out and we decorated our own spaces and we made a spotify playlist that everyone contributed a song to and basically just had a video party. Do you think your frinds may like to try that with you?
seeker:I feel somewhat better just thin
seeker:I feel a little better now.  I look forward to talking with my friends about doing Zoom.
supporter:Be creative! Get silly! most important have fun! this is a hard year but its still a chance to make happy memories
supporter:Is there anything else on your mind? 
seeker:I will.  Having fun is what I need in my life.  I know it's been a tough year for everyone. Thank you very much.
seeker:Have a great day.
supporter:Im so glad that I could help you out! You have a great day too!
seeker:Thank you.  My husband and  I are going to go for a ride later.  That will help.
supporter:Lovely!
seeker:Thanks.  I am looking forward to gettng out for a while.
supporter:Bye friend (:
supporter:Come back anytime if you ever wanna talk again!

seeker:Hi :)
supporter:Hiya! =) How are you doing, today?
seeker:I'm feeling really stressed about university, to be honest.
seeker:I'm really struggling to find motivation to complete my assignments
seeker:And it's stressing me out how little work I've completed even though deadlines are coming up.
supporter:I totally understand that. Which year are you in?
seeker:I'm in my final year, having to juggle my dissertation with what feels like a million other assignments
supporter:Oh goodness, I can't imagine how stressful that would be. I've only gotten my associates, and I found that last semester to be a slough. But what kept me going was the relief and joy I would feel once I had that diploma in hand.
supporter:Are there any study groups or classmates you can get together with, and basically make a night of it?
seeker:I don't really have any friends on the course, I'm pretty shy and don't really feel comfortable talking to anyone. I kinda promised myself to make more friends in my final year, but obviously circumstances have changed :/
supporter:Very true, this year made everyone's expectations and plans go out the window lol
supporter:It might be time to put yourself out of your comfort zone, but start small. Are there any clubs or groups associated with your major? That way, you have some common ground to work with.
seeker:I'm honestly not sure, I guess I've always been too nervous to reach out to anyone. I'll have to have a look.
supporter:That sounds like a good idea =) Even if you can't hold club meetings on campus or have any gatherings, maybe they hold their meetings over video calls. One plus side to that, is that you don't need to have your camera on to participate.
seeker:That's true. I also feel a bit nervous about my final grades, I've done well so far but just feel like this year might mess everything up.
supporter:That's understandable, especially with how the past year has been. Everyone is on edge and everything feels so uncertain, but that's okay, because you're not alone =)
supporter:You said you're doing well so far? Take pride in that, and focus on that. "If I've been doing well so far, I must be doing something right. I'll just keep doing what I have been, and everything should work out in the end."
seeker:Yeah, I am really proud of what I've done so far but it just makes me worry that I won't meet my own expectations
supporter:We can be our own worst critics, and that's never been truer than when we're facing a challenge. Self-doubt can be such a pain, but when I find I'm having trouble believing in myself and working toward my goals, I'll focus on what I already accomplished, and that helps give me that extra push to keep going
supporter:I might be an internet stranger, but I'm proud of you, too. =) You've got one and a half semesters to go! You've got this! I believe in you! <3
seeker:Thank you, it's actually made me feel a lot better! :)
supporter:You're very welcome, I'm glad I could help =)

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi there. How are you doing today?
seeker:I'm doing alright, and yourself? 
supporter:I'm doing pretty well. Do you have anything going on today?
seeker:Yeah I ended up going biking earlier and now I am doing school work. How about you? Do you have anything going on today? 
supporter:Oh biking is an excellent activity to do with everything going on. How are you feeling with it all? What are you studying in school? I'm just getting household chores done, nothing too exciting.
seeker:I'm feeling alright. The current pandemic situation in my city has made it restricted to be with people other than immediate family so that's been tough. 
seeker:I'm currently studying finance and I'm loving it. I'm in my last year so I can't wait to finish that up 
supporter:I understand that it is really difficult to be kept on lockdown. 
supporter:Are you biking regularly to help with the feeling of being stuck inside?
seeker:Yes. It's great that my city has a program where we can get a bike pass for $99/year. There are bike stations set up all over my city so that has helped with my sense of being cooped up.
seeker:It's really helpful in these times to find something to keep yourself productive and mindful that things are going to get better
supporter:I agree, It's really great that you are finding ways to get out of the house. 
supporter:Have you tried video chatting with the people you can't be around right now? That has really helped me not feel so alone right now.
seeker:I have and that has helped for me as well. I also have a dog so that has helped me have the feeling of being around "someone" even though they're not human. 
seeker:I haven't video chatted anyone in quite some time though, I probably will do that later on today!
supporter:Well, I think it's great that you are finding things like biking, playing with your dog, and video chatting to help get you through these times.
supporter:Lately, I've been focusing on self care a lot more to help with de stressing with everything going on. Have you tried this?
seeker:I haven't tried that, I'll have to try something similar. I haven't been focusing on self care at all recently
supporter:Self care is so important even when there isn't a pandemic. It can help you connect with yourself and make you feel less overwhelmed and just give you YOU time. Some of my favorite ways to do this is listening to podcasts, meditating and focusing on my breathing, listening to music, and pamper myself with face masks etc.
supporter:I suggest you practice self care starting once a week and work it up from there giving yourself at least an hour a day if you can
seeker:Do you have any recommendations for medicating? I've been looking to get into it as I know it has helped many people. But I haven't found any easy way to divulge into the topic.
seeker:I appreciate you recommending that I spend an hour a day. I think something like this could better myself into living a much happier and fulfilled life.
supporter:I suggest listening to Jay shetty he is on most podcasts apps. personally, I use stitcher. If you can download a podcast app you can just type in "Meditation" and it will pull up several options to try out. Another great app is called MyLife Meditation by stop. breath. think. That's a great started meditation to try.
seeker:I think I'm going to try to start with your podcast that you recommended. I already listen to podcasts daily so that wouldn't be hard to fit into my routine! :) 
supporter:It sounds like this could be something that would fit right in with your life and even help improve it. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do! There is so many great books out there and other podcasts as well about self care. 
seeker:Thank you so much for all your help today and guiding me in the right direction. I truly am thankful for speaking with you today :)
supporter:I'm so glad I was able to help. Enjoy the rest of your day and remember to set aside sometime for yourself. It was great chatting with you.
seeker:Likewise! Take care! :) 

supporter:Hello, what can I help you?
seeker:I really sad as my partner walked out on me. Any thoughts what could  cheer me up?
supporter:Was there anything that leads to this?
seeker:Not really. I thought everything was ok between us. That is why it kind of struck me.
supporter:That's terrible and unacceptable behavior.
supporter:How long have you been together?
seeker:I have to agree with you-it is unacceptable, considering that he didn't give me any reasons as to why he did it. We have been together for 5 years. 
supporter:That sucks. I wouldn't be able to accept either. 
supporter:Have you talked to your friends about this?
seeker:It is still rather raw,I have mentioned to it to a few of my friends and they deeply symphatise with me but I feel there is nothing much they can do to help me.They are as shocked as me to be honest.
supporter:It is understandable to have that reaction. I agree with you, only us can hep ourselves.
supporter:Have you tried doing activities that help distract you from having negative thoughts?
seeker:Kind of, most of it involves eating loads of ice cream LOL. 
supporter:Haha I feel you, I tend to eat a lot when depressed too. Look, it's treat yourself method. You deserve the best
supporter:If you can go to the mountain or big lake, I would say try spending a few hours there. Maybe have a mini picnic by yourself and enjoy the nature.
seeker:That is a brilliant idea,I do love walking and being outdoors. :) 
seeker:It surely would help me to clear my mind
supporter:Is there anything you have wanted to do but don't have the time? I always want to learn guitar and baking. This is the best time to start that
seeker:oh yeah, I suppose I have more time now to focus on things I have always wanted to do but never kind of had time for it. I bought a high end photo camera ages ago but never really had a chance to use it properly-I guess it is time to pursue my interest in photography, and spending more time outdoors would be ideal for that!
seeker:And reading! The list of books I want to read is arm long!
supporter:That's the spirit! I know being treated like that feels horrible. However, I bet you have mourned enough, at the end of the day, a person treats you like that has no respect and you shouldn't waste time on them.
supporter:It's time to invest in yourself, once you become your better version, a better partner will come to you
seeker:I really agree with you- I am worth more than that. It is time to move on, even when it is difficult. The sad side of it is that I probably will never know what I did wrong for things to end like that. Maybe I didn't do anything wrong. That is the question what will always stay with me and that actually is the hardest bit of it all. But... I am not going to delve into it.
seeker:I feel like hitting a jackpot actually hahahaha. I will be walking off those calories I get from ice cream I have been scoffing lately.So I am having the best of both worlds 
seeker:Who said you cannot have the cake and eat it all LOL
supporter:Yes!Actually don't think you did wrong. Reflecting after a relationship is good but don't put all the blame on yourself.
supporter:You have learned from this relationship too i believe, use that for your next one
seeker:I do not intend to. I am usually the kind of person who does blame oneself but I have found it is not right.

seeker:Hello, I would like to talk to you about my academic pressures
seeker:I hope you may be able to help
supporter:Yes here to listen and to help you in anyway I can
seeker:I guess the problem is that I am faced with impending deadlines with my studies, and that I am not that great with my organization or time management, and compounded with distractions.
seeker:Thank you
seeker:So I don't know if you have any tips or personal experiences on how to deal with such issues
supporter:By any chance have you thought about trying out some time management class?
seeker:No, because time management I feel is something that I have to resolve on my own, and I have enough courses on my plate right now. 
seeker:But I guess for time management, I tend to be distracted easily or spend too long on other stuff outside of my studies
supporter:Oh ok I see. I have actually been in this type of situation before, and I took those classes and they actually helped.
seeker:I see. So would you be able to share some tips on time management? 
supporter:Yes sure I can .
seeker:like specifically, I don't know. I am just going with my instincts and my instincts aren't great or mature 
supporter:Find out where your wasting you time? Try creating time management goals? Implement a Time management Plan
seeker:well I guess I can put out like a time table on what I should get through in the day, etc.
seeker:setting alarm clocks on set times, etc.
supporter:Yes thats a great idea.
supporter:You could also reward yourself when you have done a good job
seeker:But also, with the ongoing pandemic, it doesn't help either. For example, I am trapped at home and it feels claustrophobic but it's not safe to go out either. And my mind wanders in such circumstances too.
seeker:yes that's good advice. I have done it but sometimes I overdo my rewards like take too long of a break, etc.
seeker:so in my opinion, I need moderation and maturity.
supporter:I can relate to that as well. This pandemic has gotten everyone down.
seeker:for sure. It's really really distracting and has made my life and mind wander aimlessly.
seeker:I was a lot more productive with my life and studies before March or so
supporter:Dont be so down on yourself you are mature. Just need a little help managing some things.
seeker:Yeah true. On that point, I know I have done well before, and I know I can pass, but I don't like the direction I am going in and these new trends. 
seeker:so I feel disappointed and guilty because I know I am better than this and ought to be.
supporter:If you do some of those suggestions I believe you will be just fine.
seeker:yes for sure, your advice will be fresh in my mind after our chat. I have a renewed need to attend to my studies so I do feel that.
supporter:Oh also do you like music?
seeker:just have to be more hardworking and contentious, basically. 
seeker:yeah I do. 
seeker:I try not to put music on while I study but I do that sometimes when I am doing other forms of assignments. So I have my rules on those. 
supporter:While your studying play some soft music in the background that you like and see if that helps.
seeker:yeah I will, from time to time.
seeker:I think I am good to go from this point. Thank you so much for your helpful input.
supporter:Your so welcome and Thank you for allowing me yo help

supporter:Hi there! My name is Rob, how are you today?
seeker:I'm sad today Rob.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that, when did you start feeling this way?
seeker:Probably about 3 months ago.
supporter:Did something happen to trigger this for you? Or did it just kind of start without an explanation?
seeker:My kids started online learning in their respective rooms during the day. One day they both came running to me after about 3 days of school asking me for various things that kids do. They were only coming to me and my husband sort of participated in the beginning but now he is falling back the last few months and it has taken a toll on our relationship.
supporter:Correct me if I'm wrong, your children are now online learning, and you are feeling defeated because your husband is pulling away and not providing you the support you need?
seeker:This very correct!
supporter:That would be very hard, especially with the way the world is right now. I want you to know your feelings are valid, and I'm sure you are trying your best.
supporter:Have you tried talking to your husband about your feelings, and how it is affecting your day today life?
seeker:I am but our relationship is in jeopardy and we are arguing more than ever.
seeker:Yes, but he seemingly will not compromise.
seeker:He tried to suggest a half and half deal or this time im here for them and this time he is. He is not holding up to his promises.
supporter:That makes it hard when you have already tried to take the steps to help you improve the situation. If I may offer a suggestion, perhaps you should approach him, and advise him you are not interested in arguing since that won't improve the situation, but be up-front and honest about how this is making you feel, and how his lack of support will ultimately harm the whole family. And also maybe ask him if there is anything going on with him to find out why his support to you, and the children has changed.
seeker:This is good advice. I am also not helping because I am arguing back at him. Something may well have changed within him I do not know about.
seeker:I will definitely do this!
seeker:You have been very helpful and thank you!
supporter:Sometimes when someone is stressed, their behaviour can change suddenly, if he is able to vent to you if there are any issues it could help!
seeker:Great! Very useful and thanks again!
supporter:I really hope the situation improves for you, and just remember it is ok to feel sad some days, and don't be too hard on yourself. I wish you all the best! 
seeker:Your great at this:)
supporter:Thank you so much! I appreciate the feedback!

supporter:Hello my name is Christina
seeker:Hello Christina
supporter:What's your name?
seeker:Shay, thank you for asking
supporter:Hi Shay. You are welcome.  Anything on your mind today? I'm here if you would like to talk about anything.
seeker:I am feeling depressed. I feel lonely and unimportant to those around me.
supporter:So you are feeling depressed and lonely and you feel unimportant? 
supporter:I am sorry to hear that you are feeling this way. I have felt the same before and I know it can be difficult to change those feelings.
seeker:yes
seeker:I just want to get out of this slump. I hate that im sad all the time
supporter:I can understand that.  If I may can I ask you if you live with anyone? 
seeker:i live by myself now
supporter:Ok well that should be something that you can take pride in.  Do you have contact with your friends and family?  I have found that for me calling my mom or chatting with my friends that truly know me makes me feel more connected to others.
seeker:I talk to my mom often, but i was isolated from most of my friends for years so im trying to meet new ones. 
supporter:That's great that you speak to your mom.  I know it can be hard to open yourself up and meet new friends but I think you can do it.  Are there maybe some people at your job that you would consider making friends with?  I think that would be a great place to start because you would already have something in common. 
seeker:I do have friends from my job, but i currently commute 1.5 hours for work which makes it hard. I feel that with time i may be more open to more friends, but right now i just want those that already know my back story for comfort.
supporter:OK I see.  So for now you would like to be able to get comfort from the people that already know you and your story.  One suggestion that I have would be to really try to reach out and contact those people.  I know that with work and life in general it is easy to lose touch.  Not that you stop caring for a person but things just get hetic from time to time.  

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello. How are you today?
seeker:I am good, thanks for asking. I hope you're doing well also. 
supporter:I am. thank you!
seeker:I am here to talk about the effects that the current pandemic has on my mental health. 
seeker:Specifically, I feel scared and anxious that me, my friends, or my loved ones will be infected
supporter:That is very understandable. I too have felt this anxiety.
supporter:It is a very difficult situation, and can really bring out the worst in our mental health. 
seeker:I see. Sorry to hear that. I don't go out until it's absolutely necessary, only when I have errands or for work. And so for more than half a year, I have not gone out for any frivolous walks, to the movie theatre, for hikes, or to workout s I used to. 
seeker:yes and I feel that. I have pretty much been staying indoors all this time. 
seeker:I feel lonely and sleep at abnormal times, workout a lot less, eat a lot less healthy, etc. 
seeker:There's no coherent or healthy lifestyle pattern, as my life pretty much was put on hold from back in March.
supporter:Well, it sounds like you are doing pretty well given the circumstances. It is good that you have found activities to keep busy.
supporter:I understand the lack of structure. It can be difficult but also freeing.
seeker:well I have, but a lot of the times I am just wasting time and procrastinating and kind of just staring off into space and not doing much at home.
seeker:Yes thank you for pointing out the lack of structure, that was the word I was looking for.
seeker:It was freeing at first, but then I realized that it was going to repeat perpetually and that I was going to miss the entire summer, etc.
supporter:It can be a good time to try a project or new direction you haven't had time for until now. Or just try to think of what your possibilities are.
seeker:and I felt somewhat claustrophobic etc. And also scared to go out and be in public because I get paranoid at who's infected, etc.
seeker:yeah that's a good idea.
supporter:I have a good feeling that we will have some normalcy by summer 2021
seeker:I wanted to take up writing more, but my online education got in the way and my goal became unrealized. 
seeker:yes hopefully you're right
seeker:and how about you? How have you been coping so far?
supporter:I understand. As long as you are being cautious and following the guidelines, you are doing all you can to protect yourself. That is a good thing.
seeker:yes I am trying to be as careful and not think to much as I can. 
supporter:Just taking it one day at a time and focusing on the positives.
supporter:Obviously some days will be easier than others
seeker:I see. I was okay for the last few months to be honest, and getting used to the routines. But it was just that for the last two to three weeks, my city started having a rise in the cases from a second wave. 
seeker:And that's when my anxiety came back and my guard is up again
supporter:Hopefully you can see the light at the end of this tunnel. The second waves seem to be a trend, and we made it through the first one.
seeker:yeah that's true and have been lucky so far as I don't know anyone personally that has been infected. 
supporter:That is a good thing!
seeker:And have also been lucky that certain things didn't happen, like a massive shortage in supplies and food. There was for the first month or so, but stuff like that were eventually smoothed out. So I agree with you that in due time, things will resolve themselves. I sure can go for that vaccine now, that's for sure.
supporter:I think you are doing the right thing. And it shouldn't be long before the vaccine is released.
seeker:Yeah the highly publicized vaccine company is hopefully going to roll out its vaccine soon in the States.
supporter:That's promising. Just make sure you are getting your vitamins, and drinking plenty of water. This will keep your immune system strong. It's difficult to remember to take care of yourself when all this is going on.
seeker:yes, I get enough of those. Just should have more of a routine, as you said before. I just need to manage my time better at home and also find more time to work out and sleep at normal times, because I tend to sleep real late nowadays. 
seeker:yeah you're so right. 
seeker:That's exactly right, I kind of ignore myself and became zoned out or something. 
supporter:Sleeping patterns can vary. Some studies actually show that certain people are better off with an unpredictable routine. Just listen to your mind and body.
seeker:right. That's good advice. 
seeker:But aside from that, I should be fine then. Thank you very much for your helpful input. 
supporter:You are welcome. Thank you for allowing me to try to help!
seeker:it's good to have someone to listen and understand, thanks
seeker:Thanks again and have a wonderful day.
supporter:You too!!
seeker:good luck and all the best to you.
supporter:All the best to you too. This will pass. 

seeker:Hey.
supporter:Hello, what's on your mind today?
seeker:Just wondering what I can do to deal with my cocky annoying friend Rick and his new car
seeker:(as above)
supporter:How long have you been friends?
seeker:30+ years since high school
supporter:And he has always had cocky attitude? Have you ever told him that?
seeker:He has, and yes I've told him, he just dismisses it, thinks it's funny that I get jealous
supporter:I understand your frustration, it's upsetting when they dismiss what you say even though you have been friends for so long.
seeker:Thanks.
supporter:What I would recommend in this case is, spend more time with other friends who appreciate you. You also need to tell Rick your honest thought, don't beat around the bush but let him know you're serious
seeker:That's good advice! Thanks. I wonder how I can get through to him to really let him know I'm serious. Ideas?
supporter:I have been in the same situation myself, what I usually do is sit down with them and start the conversation in a serious mood. Explain everything I need to say and tell them that I mean every word. If they don't seem to accept and change, I keep my distance from them
seeker:Makes sense. Unfortunately we live on the same street so it's kind of hard not to run into each other. :/
supporter:That's even easier to make it clear, if you run into him, just give him a polite greetings. The point is, make it clear you have had enough
seeker:Right, so basically let him know if he continues to act like he does, we're done as friends, correct? Or should I not be that bold?
supporter:Yes. Be not too harsh at first. I would say to give him 1 more chance. If he still doesn't respect your words, it's the best for both to say it clearly.
seeker:Sounds good, I'm looking forward to getting this resolved. Now I just have to work on the wording (what I'll say) to come across as serious without being too harsh, I guess.
seeker:Suggestions welcome! :)
supporter:You have the right mindset! Practice before talking will help you deliver your thoughts better. 
seeker:Yeah I tend to get too emotional lol
supporter:I would start with something along the line "Look, I  know we have had this conversation many times. However, i feel as though you never take me seriously. I want to say this one last time...."
seeker:That's perfect. Copying that down right now!
seeker:Seriously!
supporter:Getting emotional is totally fine, that's why you need practice
seeker:True it's just we've been friends for so long it would suck if we weren't anymore.
seeker:So I've got a plan and know what to do. You've been super helpful! Thanks!
supporter:I understand, it's difficult to come to this decision when you've been friends for so long. I hope he appreciates your friendship just as you do and tries his best.
seeker:We will see!
supporter:You're very welcome. is there anything I can do for you?
seeker:No, I think that's it!
seeker:Much appreciated!
supporter:I think you can end our session here. I'm glad I could help a bit
seeker:Yes, agreed, and yes you did!
seeker:Thanks again!

supporter:how are you feeling today?
seeker:Not so great. I broke up with my boyfriend a couple days ago.
supporter:So you have been feeling down since the breakup a couple days ago?
seeker:Yes I have. I just do not know what to do with myself anymore.
supporter:I can relate to this heartache as I have gone through similar breakups in my life. The important thing is that we pick ourselves up after something like this.
seeker:I just do not know where or how to start the process.
supporter:It can be really hard sometimes! It appears that  you possess the strength and motivation to be able to pick yourself back up. The factthat you are reaching out for help shows you have the motivation and desire to work to get better!
seeker:I do not want to feel like this forever!
supporter:Studies indicate that emotions felt immidiately after a breakup eventually subside with time. It is important to take care of yourself in the mean time. Do you have any hobbies?
seeker:Yes. I love to read.
supporter:So you like to read? Have you thought about reading self-help books on perhaps depression?
seeker:I do read self help books.
supporter:Have the books provided you any benefit?
seeker:Not really.
supporter:I get the sense that you are pretty depressed over you recent breakup that you have taken pretty hard. I also feel your desire to want to feel better. I think this is a  step in the right direction for you to get to feeling better.
seeker:I think so too i just do not know where to go from here.
supporter:Sometimes it helps in working through these feelings when we reach out to a professional mental health provider. Is this something you have considered?
seeker:I have thought about it before.
supporter:What has stopped you from doing this in the past?
seeker:I am nervouse about it
supporter:I am hearing that while you have thought about reaching out for professional help in the past in regaurds to your mental health, you have not felt comfortable enough to do this as this makes you feel a bit anxious or nervous is that correct?
seeker:Yes that is correct.
supporter:I am nervous in situations that are new to me as well so I understand this. Is there something you can do to get past this nervousness so that you fel comfortable seeking out this help?
seeker:I think that I will always be nervous until I get to know a mental health professional that I trust and am comfortable with.
supporter:It sounds like the only way for you to gain that confidence in someone to be able to share your feelings with them, that you will likely need to face that fear in order to make progress, is that right?
seeker:Yes, I guess you are right about that.
supporter:What would be the forst step you could take in working twards getting over this fear so that you may get the professional help that you feel like you have needed in the past as well as the present?
seeker:I just need to schedule an appointment with someone and go in and meet them face to face.
supporter:It is great that you can identify what needs to be done in this situation. It sounds like you are ready and willing to seek out help for yourself! Do you have access to the resources that are in your area?
seeker:Yes I do as I have a list of all mental health providers in my area from the last time I thought about going to see one. Thank you for your time and your help!

seeker:I know she would want me to be happy, but i don't feel joy anymore
supporter:I understand.  Sometimes it's hard to find joy.  When do you think you starting feeling this way?
seeker:Almost 2 years ago. I'm so lonely without her
supporter:Sometimes, finding joy can be difficult. Especially when what we always turned to for joy is gone. 
supporter:But we can find comfort in little things.  Is there something you have that gives you comfort?  Even the smallest thing.
seeker:When she was alive I felt like she was keeping me alive because i didn't want to put her through the pain of killing myself
seeker:I feel good for a few minutes at a time but then it all seems pointless
supporter:I believe we all have purpose in this life.  I know that it's hard to live with-out the ones we hold dearly.  I think a way we can keep them alive in our hearts is to pass on the good things about they did for us to others.
seeker:You hit the nail on the head. I struggle to find purpose for my life. I have no kids & my anxiety keeps me from reaching out to people.
supporter:I feel the same way, I get anxious around others as well.
supporter:Maybe little steps are the best way.  Sometimes all someone needs is a smile, even when we can't find our own, we can give one to others.
seeker:Everytime I convince myself to seek professional help I fool myself into believing that this will finally be the time I will be able to fix myself. Of course I haven't yet
seeker:I admit it has helped to be online & see that so many other people share my "symptoms"
supporter:It's always hard to make that next step, but I believe you're closer than you think.  
seeker:I hope I hurry up. I feel like i'm wasting precious time
seeker:I can't imagine ever feeling close enough to someone to call them a friend. I wish i could learn to love my solitude more
supporter:You are not alone and you are right, time is precious, but it's okay to take to to grieve.  Grief is a part of healing.  
seeker:It would be nice if as humans we could be more evolved to the point that death wouldn't hurt so much as it is a part of life.  My mom was an art teacher & I like to be crafty. After she died i started "A Tribute to Mom: 1000 Acts of Art" I'm at #544
seeker:And that feels good & hurts at the same time

seeker:I'm so stressed, my emotions and anxiety is through the roof
supporter:What do you think is the cause of that?
seeker:I have a my masters thesis tomorrow and we have to do a presentation. A public speaking presentaion
supporter:Oh, so it's the public speaking that has you rattled?
seeker:Yes, I have a specific professor that intimidates me and knows that she can rattle me. I wish I could avoid her. 
supporter:That sounds like it'd be enough to upset anybody.
seeker:I know, right! I know I have my material ready to present and feel confident, its just how she gives constructive criticism and that her decisions and 25% of my final grade
supporter:I think most people aren't big fans of public speaking.  
seeker:The last class I had with her she was very aggressive when I asked questions aloud. Almost if she was put out.  Also told me that my bumper sticker that says "stop heroin" was ignorant. 
supporter:Well she sounds like kind of a pain in the ass honestly, I had a teacher like that one time myself.
seeker:I have so much anxiety and emotional conflicts going into the last assignment. Just wish I had some good coping mechanisms to practice to get me through this.
seeker:Oh yes!  a PITA!
seeker:That made me giggle a bit. Thank you for that
supporter:Maybe you could try and just put things in perspective.  I mean this will all be behind you soon enough, and no matter how it goes it's not like you're going to wind up on skid row over it, I wouldn't think.
seeker:You are right, only skid row I know is 18 and life. Best with Sebastian Bach 
supporter:So in the short term I'd just try to get a good night's sleep, give it your best shot, and keep in mind that it's not really all that significant in the grand scheme of things.
seeker:Now that helps take me back to a better time. It will be over before I know it. Thank you for the nice uplifting words
supporter:Well my pleasure, I hope that was of some help!
seeker:Thank you so much, I feel much better 
supporter:Well good!  So now what do we do?  Does this count as finishing the hit?
seeker:I tried to finish and quit, It states I have more time. you?
supporter:Hang on, let me look and see
seeker:now we are good, try it now

seeker:Hi how are you
seeker:Could b better
supporter:I understand it could be better
supporter:What is going on?
supporter:My day could be better too sometimes, it may help to talk about it.
seeker:Ive been more depressed and more panic attacks since the quarantine
supporter:It sounds like you are really worried and have anxiety over the qurantine.
supporter:From my experience it has helped tremendously to take a few deep breaths
seeker:Yes so much. Afraid of getting it and than giving it to my very sick mlm
supporter:I also have been worried about getting it and passing it on. I have been taking extra precautions to stay home and wash my hands often to try and prevent it.
seeker:Sometimes I don't think that's enough to prevent.  My mom has cancer and it's been hurting not being able to see her because I don't want to take that risk
supporter:That is so difficult that you are concerned  and upset that you can't see her. 
supporter:In my experience I've used video chat to help me get through hard times when I couldn't see my loved ones in person. 
seeker:Yeah I've tried but it's not th same. Wish I could b there to help her through this. But with everything going on it's so hard 
supporter:That's really hard, but I think you have it in you to keep doing your best and staying safe.
seeker:I guess so it's a struggle everyday. Appreciate talking to someone though
supporter:I'm happy you were able to talk to me, I know talking about how I'm feeling helps me feel better sometimes.

supporter:Hello!
seeker:Hi
supporter:How are you doing today? Are there any particular issues you would like to discuss?
seeker:I think you are able to read about my situation, but if not, I've basically lost my best high school friends while in college.
seeker:It's pretty rough since I've known these people since I was in elementary school.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Did that make college difficult for you?
seeker:It did - I had to figure out what was important in life after that but the loss of my high school friends drove me into a mild depression.
supporter:Of course. Do you still experience feelings of sadness when thinking of that time in your life?
seeker:Occasionally when I think about that time in my life.  
supporter:Does that loss still affect your day-to-day life or do you feel like you were able to handle those feelings in a healthy way?
seeker:I am still feeling the effects of it today.  I don't know exactly how to cope properly.
supporter:It sounds like you're still struggling with that loss. That is entirely normal.  
seeker:That's great that it's normal....but I'm not sure how that's helping me.
supporter:It sounds like you're looking for a way to handle these feelings in a healthy way. Am i right in that? 
seeker:I guess so.  I'm not sure where to start or even if I need do.
seeker:to
supporter:That makes sense. Some feelings of sadness around a loss are normal but they can be a problem if they start interfering with functioning. Do you have a support network or someone you can turn to when you feel like this?
seeker:I have a spouse but they weren't around when this series of unfortunate events occurred.
supporter:Do you feel like you talk to your spouse about these issues?
seeker:No, it's something I keep inside.  I'm a super private person.
supporter:From what I have seen, if people try to keep their emotions inside, it can be more damaging in the long run. This isn't something you have handle all by yourself.
seeker:Agreed, I guess.  Maybe it's time to share more with my spouse.  I don't think it's that big an issue.  I just don't like talking about it.
supporter:That's completely fair. It can be a difficult thing to talk about. When those feelings do come up, can you think of ways to discuss it with your spouse?
seeker:I think so.   I'm thinking we can do it over dinner one night while it's quiet in the house so we can talk
supporter:I think that's a wonderful idea. From what I've seen, it can be really difficult to talk about, but afterwards it does get easier. You deserve the chance to remember the good memories of your friendship and not carry your difficult feelings by yourself.
seeker:I guess thats true - thanks for chatting with me about this.
supporter:Absolutely, I wish you all the best.

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi there - how can I help you this evening?
seeker:i'm just feeling nervous about scheduling classes for next semester at university
seeker:i want to take classes that will give me skills rather than theory
seeker:because i'm worried about finding a job after i graduate, because of the economy during the pandemic
supporter:I can understand that, there are probably a ton of classes to select from.
seeker:yes, tons
supporter:What kind of skills to you want to gain?
seeker:for me, i want to have strong writing skills and also some hard skills, like excel and programming
supporter:That's great, the computer skills will help out a lot.  And the programs help with writing skills too.
seeker:ok
supporter:Do you have anyone like a counselor you can consult with to help you make a decision? When I was in school, I developed a relationship with the counselor so I felt comfortable asking.
seeker:i do have an academic advisor, but i don't think he understands what i'm looking for
seeker:i might ask one of my other professors to see what they think
supporter:No? That's too bad.  It helps to have like a mentor and maybe that professor would be a good source.  Sounds like a good plan.
seeker:yeah hopefully that will help
seeker:i need to decide soon
supporter:You sound like you have a good head on your shoulders and want to be able to get a good job when you graduate.  I think it is wise to seek advice now.
seeker:thank you
seeker:i appreciate that
supporter:Do you think you have a strategy?  Talk to your professor and see if he can help or maybe he can provide another solution?
seeker:yes, that sounds like what i should do
supporter:I wish you all the best - I am confident you will do great!
seeker:thank you for your help!
supporter:You are certainly welcome.  I'm glad I could help.
supporter:Have a good rest of your evening.
seeker:thank you
seeker:you too

supporter:Hello, thanks for chatting, how are you feeling today?
seeker:Hi there, i'm doing okay today.  Getting things ready for wokr.
seeker:work*
supporter:I'm glad to hear that! How has work been going for you?
seeker:Really well, I enjoy being there.  And it pays well, so can't go wrong with those two positives.
supporter:Absolutely, I think finding a job that you are passionate about is a goal for a majority of people.
seeker:Yep, it works fine for me.  Can't complain very much about it.
supporter:That's awesome, is there any aspect about your job that you don't like or enjoy as much?
seeker:To be honest, not really.  I pretty much self-manage and do not have to deal with people, which is a good thing for me.  Every now and then I'll have to work with a new person who isn't as competent and that can be frustrating.
supporter:I can understand it, it sounds like you are in a position where you oversee others are in a teaching capacity. I too am in a similar position, and when people aren't as responsive to my ideas, it can definitely irritate me.
seeker:Yeah.  It's more of a competency problem with me I think.  I'm fine if people aren't responsive to my personal ideas, but as far as a work situation - or any situation where there are pre-agreed situations that must be dealt in certain ways - that is frustrating.  I think I expect too much  from people - but really my expectations aren't that high, I don't think - if I really think about it.
supporter:That makes sense, but it might be helpful to think about the other person's situation. Perhaps he/she hasn't had the same amount of training? Perhaps, they just need a little more guidance than other people who are more able to complete the tasks.
seeker:That is true, and a good point.  My main issue - it's not just related to work - I'm not a "liker" of people in general, but I am nice to everyone. I have a hard time relating to most people.
supporter:What aspects do you especially have a hard time relating with?
seeker:Well, it seems someone has to have to have gone through some hard times as well, for me to relate to them.  And to have learned from those hard times.  So that cuts out a good bit of people who have had good lives - and then half the people who have gone through some stuff haven't learned from it and made themselves better.  So its
seeker:So I have to try to weed everyone out, but that's exhausting.
supporter:That does sound exhausting, though some people might be reluctant to share their personal experiences, and it might be helpful to start smaller when getting to know someone and working up to more serious conversations. 
seeker:Thats good advice.  Often Im fine with the way thjngs are going, but every once in a while it bothers me.
supporter:I think it's great that it doesn't happen often and that you are able to recognize the few situations where it does begin to bother you.
seeker:Yeah I try to stay cognizant of these things.  Ive had some psych training so it helps out.
supporter:That's even better! You are able to use your own skills to recognize the problems and take the appropriate steps forward. I think that if you are able to keep doing that, hopefully you'll find that people are a lot easier to relate to than you initially thought.
seeker:Good points made.  Helps me to talk about it with someone every now and then.  Thanks for your help.
supporter:Pleasure chatting with you!

supporter:good evening, what's bothering you?
seeker:I have anxiety, which keeps me awake at night and I can't relax
supporter:lots of people suffer from anxiety.you are not alone. 
seeker:I just want to not having to live with it
supporter:ok. well do you want to expand on what's causing the anxiety?
seeker:A lot of reasons, but right now because my parents are old. I'm worried whenever they have to drive, especially in the snow
supporter:I'm sure your parents know that if they can't drive they won't because they you are worried about them 
seeker:They still have to go to work. The point here is, that is just the tip of an iceberg. Most of the time, I am worried something bad will happen, even if there is no particular reason
supporter:have you spoken to them about your concern? 
seeker:No I have not, I don't think they can help
supporter:well it's a atart. I suggest you talk to them about it. maybe they will take your concerns seriously
seeker:Are there anything else that can help?
supporter:well I suggest try exercising always keeps mind occupied 
seeker:I tend to get more anxious at night before bed, what should I do?
supporter:have you seek professional help?
seeker:No I have not, they can be very expensive
supporter:well they do a good job in helping others maybe it's worth a try 
seeker:I don't know where to start,like who is good and such
supporter:well first speak with your family doctor he can recommend someone for you 
seeker:I will try that, that's a good start
supporter:you can do this and conquer your anxiety 
supporter:anything else I can help with? if not we good 
seeker:That's all for now, your advice was very helpful

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi how are you doing?
seeker:pretty good I guess, considering I can't find a job 
seeker:please help
supporter:That sounds really tough. It's hard to find work these days
seeker:Amen brother/and or sister I'll tell you what . Tough out here geez 
supporter:I totally understand. Covid had really ruined a lot of things
supporter:Have you tried job sites?
seeker:any ones that you can recommend? I've tried a few, it's usually headache 
supporter:I really like indeed.com as well as glassdoor. They give good suggestions and make it easy to apply
seeker:Nice, I'll check those out. are you an actual person or am I talking to an AI?
supporter:I'm a real person haha are you?
seeker:Yes, I am also 
seeker:how's the weather there?
supporter:It's nice and sunny, I hope you're having good weather as well. 
seeker:cold and dreary here. But you know what, I appreciate the chat. you're right, I need to get up off my butt and apply to those sites. this has been a life changer 
supporter:I'm glad it was helpful. I wish you luck!
seeker:thanks, toodle-loo! 
supporter:bye!
seeker:wait 
supporter:what's up
seeker:5 minutes still? this is a crazy, my life is saved. I have no time to wait 5 minutes, I have to apply for jobs 
seeker:oh god 
supporter:What do you mean 5 minutes? Are you ok?
seeker:I can't leave this convo until 15 minutes is up
supporter:Oh dang well I guess we'll just wait then
seeker:i was feeling good but now i'm depressed again, trapped here in in chat bubble loop. what if my dream job is out there and someone just snagged it?
seeker:help! I don't like being trapped in places 
supporter:Don't worry there'll be plenty of opprtunites. You have a unique set of skills that nobody else has 
seeker:ok, you're right, you're right. just another minute left, i can do this 
seeker:it's like fear factor 
supporter:You'll be fine!
seeker:i'm just joking thanks for making that interesting! bye bye!!!! 
supporter:Bye!

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello, how are you doing?
seeker:I have been better. I am really stressed and feel like I am at a breaking point. 
supporter:I am sorry to hear you are near your breaking point, do you have any idea when the decline and stress began?
seeker:It began a few weeks ago. I have had a really intense project that is on a time crunch. I feel like I am overwhelmed and unable to balance work and personal life. 
supporter:Work and personal life are very hard to juggle with each other, especially in the current life situations around the globe.  I am sure you will successfully handle both in the overall. 
seeker:What should I do to help feel like I can manage and push through? Right no w i feel like giving up. 
supporter:For me, when I start getting overwhelmed and need to "debrief" my mind, and "declutter" the stresses, I use a notepad. I jot down every detail I can that pops into mind. Every upcoming task, everything that has caused anxiety or similar, and then I prioritize them in an agenda. It seems tedious, however once you get a handle on scheduling, in my personal experience, it is easier to hold yourself accountable and slowly work your way through accomplishments, even small tasks, which is encouraging to continue. 
supporter:Sometimes, something as small as an accomplished task can uplift a mood greatly. Especially when listed and checked off to see the progress. 
seeker:Thank you. That seems helpful. I tend to make excuses for myself when I feel like this and allow myself to slip in other areas of my life. For example if I am stressed, I tend to eat unhealthy food. Overall its hard to juggle all things I want to do and be at once. I will plan to make a list and check off some small things. 
supporter:When you visually see your success, I hope it will help like it does for myself. I personally believe that it is a useful tool, depression runs deep and anxiety pushes it over the edge with deadlines. Life and Personal are very complicated situations. As is living, in itself. Small accomplishments, maybe with minor rewards to yourself as you go, boosts confidence and tends to fade out the overwhelming heavy feelings. 
seeker:What do you consider to be a minor reward that would be a good tool for me today?
seeker:I have created a list and was able to check one thing off already. This has helped some and I feel a little more relieved. 
supporter:A punch card. If you have one handy, a note card/index card. Draw maybe, 15 circles around the edge, and call it "My rewards" In the middle, choose one thing you enjoy, for instance, if you like an ice cream sundae, put that in the middle. For your first task, just jot all that is on your mind down, and also use that as the first task to yourself. Check off one circle, and once you hit 15 get that sundae! 
supporter:Awesome! I am happy to hear that it has already helped a little! 
seeker:Thats a great idea. I really like that!
supporter:I do sincerely hope you start feeling better, the current average life has altered greatly, and it has changed workloads and balances with great challenges. 
seeker:Yes. We are all being challenged and perhaps this will help people grow. I know that once i an over the hump I will be happy i did it and put in the effort. I appreciate the in the moment help! 
supporter:Absolutely, I appreciate the chance to speak with you and give suggestions. 
seeker:Do you have nay other tips that i may use?
supporter:Perhaps, nature. A walk alone somewhere pretty tends to be a refreshing, zen-like activity. Or even, as a meditation type approach, rock stacking. It takes much focus, and tends to leave your mind clearer in the end. I also recommend reading, or listening to audio books of a theme you are interested in. It brings comfort in activities
seeker:thank you. It is sometimes hard to make time to do those things. I think i will try and scheduled them into my dat

seeker:gf broke my heart
supporter:can you talk more about what happened?
seeker:she just broke my heart all of a sudden 
supporter:did she end your relationship?
seeker:yes she did. I feel so sad. it came outta the blue. I thought I was doing everything right 
supporter:It sounds like you thought the relationship was going well and were surprised.  Is that right?
seeker:yes that's correct I feel so sad. I felt like I did something wrong 
supporter:It sounds like you are really sad and don't know how to move forward.
seeker:yes I don't know. I want to move on but I can't too many good memories 
supporter:I remember looking at pictures and reminiscing after a break-up too. It helped me to take down pictures to not be reminded of the relationship until I was ready. 
seeker:yes its tough. what should I do to move on? any advice?
supporter:I know that you are working hard on understanding and moving forward with your life, just by reaching out and having this conversation!
supporter:Apparently allowing yourself some time to grieve can be a good starting point, according to the experts!
seeker:ok thanks. good advice. any more? I feel like crap 
supporter:Set aside time to do things for yourself. Could you find any time to read, exercise, travel, or something else you enjoy?
seeker:thanks maybe I will take a vacation to Europe will keep my mine of occupied
supporter:Wow that sounds like an awesome trip. I would enjoy that, too!
seeker:I hope so. it will be memorable. 
supporter:It will probably be helpful fo you too - to get yourself in another location where you can experience different feelings
seeker:thank you again for the great advice, my mine is at ease.
supporter:Well I hope that helps. Thanks for chatting with me

supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:Hello, I'm having a very rough day, how are you?
supporter:I'm doing well, thank you! I'm sorry to hear that you're having a rough day. Do you mind me asking what happened to make you feel that way?
seeker:My mother passed away about a month ago due to alcoholism, it has been rough attempting to cope with the many different emotions.
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. My brother suffers from alcoholism as well. I know how worrisome and difficult it can be. I still have a hard time dealing with my emotions. What different types of emotions are you feeling?
seeker:I'm so sorry that it's a situation that you can relate to, its such a hard situation watching someone drink their life away no matter what you do until they eventually pass away from it. I can say my anxiety has increased immensely as well as depression. It seems that quite a bit of pressure has been placed on me because of the family business she ran and my dad who is now trying to live without her.
supporter:Wow, that really is a lot to deal with. It seems as though you have a good understanding of what you're feeling but that you are trying to figure out how to move forward from here. It seems like you are trying to figure out how to work through your feelings as well as how to manage and deal with the pressure that has been put on you as a result. Does that sound accurate to you?
seeker:It definitely does, I know it feels like quite a bit now but will gradually become easier to deal with. 
supporter:That is a great attitude to have. I'm very proud of you for trying to stay positive and for reassuring yourself that it will become easier for you to deal with over time. You sound like an incredibly strong person!
seeker:Thank you so much! That means a lot just to hear and I think it is incredibly refreshing talking to someone that has a fresh mind about all of it rather than another family member that is attempting to cope with the same situation.
supporter:You're very welcome! I know from experience that it is usually best and much easier to talk to someone on the outside who doesn't know all of the ins and outs of what you are experiencing.
supporter:Have you considered any ways in which you could start to work through what you're feeling?
seeker:Very true, especially someone who is willing to listen and provide advice or positive conversation.
seeker:Yes, I have begun a new medication that will hopefully help soon, I have also begun focusing on different hobbies that I enjoy so that I can keep my mind busy.
supporter:It's great to hear that you are on a medication that will hopefully help you. Have you also considered speaking to an outpatient therapist or someone along those lines? That way, you could return to the same person as often as you feel necessary to continue to work through your feelings with someone who isn't directly involved with your situation.
supporter:I think that focusing on different hobbies that you enjoy is an incredible way to take your mind off of everything and to keep yourself busy! What types of hobbies are you into?
seeker:I haven't thought too much about it, but I do think it might be a great time and something that will be necessary in order for self healing and really to just express the up and down emotions that occur. 
seeker:I have recently fallen in love with wood working and different crafting. I enjoy being able to use my hands and become proud once i finish an accomplishment. 
supporter:I completely agree. I used to see a therapist. It was very difficult for me to do in the beginning, but once I got to know them, they provided me with coping strategies that otherwise, I never would have thought of. One of my favorites that he introduced me to was guided meditation. Have you ever heard of it?
seeker:I have not, I think if i feel that I can open up quickly, it would be extremely beneficial.
supporter:That sounds awesome! You should look into a relatively new craft called diamond painting. I started doing them back in 2018 and it completely turns my brain off from the outside world.
seeker:I have been looking at them recently and think I might just order one! Thank you for the advice!
supporter:You are very welcome! In my opinion, the best place to get one from to start with is Amazon. That way, you can get them in a few days as opposed to having to wait for weeks or months for them to arrive from other countries.

supporter:what's bothering you today?
seeker:i feel like i cant stop crying
supporter:why do you feel that way? can tell me more?
seeker:i feel like im losing everything
supporter:ok I understand. would you like to talk why you are feeling like this?
seeker:my other half works so hard and i cant help felling like im not enough that they are going to just walk away
supporter:just to let you know you are not alone in this. I too was going through a rough time. 
seeker:it doesnt help that we lost our baby roo and lost twins not 5 months later
supporter:talking about it and I'm sorry to hear. expressing your feelings to someone can help relieve so of that emotion. 
seeker:how do people move on from a lost of pregnancy
supporter:in the end things will work out. you just have to think positive and live. God had other plans for your twins. god wanted them to be your two angels 
seeker:i get that it was the way it was meant to be but it hurts so bad knowing that we may lose our current pregnancy
supporter:have you talk to a professional counselor for advice? 
seeker:yes and all they say is it takes time
supporter:yes it does. Time will heal all. try to keep your self occupied and mind busy with things to enjoy 
seeker:the things i enjoyed in the past dont seem to be enjoyable anymore. i just cant stop the anxiety takes over
supporter:I understand it's tough loosing someone. I know, I've lost someone too. just be positive
seeker:i pray several times a day for this baby to be healthy. but its hard to smile when i know what can happen
supporter:hopefully I ease your mind a little but remember don't be afraid to see professional help. they can offer good advice and things to keep you motivated 
seeker:i see a counsler weekly but so far the anxiety wont let up
supporter:praying is good  and keep on believing 
supporter:anything else? 
seeker:any tips for exercises to relieve the anxiety?
seeker:i have tried naming 5 things you can touch, smell and see. it helps but not a lot

seeker:hi I'm hoping you can help me get through this difficult time. 
supporter:Hi, can you please explain the difficult time you are having
seeker:my boyfriend broke up with me and I've been upset. We live in different parts of the country and have been separated because of the coronavirus crisis. 
supporter:I hear you saying that you are having a difficult time as your boyfriend broke up with you and that due to the coronavirus you have been separated.  Is that correct?
seeker:that is correct. Do you have any advice or suggestions about how I can get through the ending of our relationship? 
supporter:I know you are hurting right and it seems like everything is happening all at the same time with the virus and now this. You will find the strength to get through.
seeker:I appreciate your support and encouragement. 
seeker:Have you ever gone through a break up? 
supporter:It sounds like you are really stressed over the breakup and you want to know how to move forward
seeker:yes. I don't want to slip into a depressive state. I'm hoping for positive methods of moving past this. 
supporter:I know the feeling, and the virus does not make moving on quickly any easier, but it will happen
seeker:thanks for listening and offering input. 
supporter:Be sure to talk to your close friends, it gets easier when you do that. 
seeker:I think you're right. Talking about it with people who are close would be beneficial. Maybe I can read a few books, as well. 
supporter:Yes, you can and be sure to take some long walks and if there is a beach close by, walk along the beach and think of what that new guy is going to be like, when you ,meet him
seeker:haha. You're right. Healthy distractions would be good for me. 
supporter:I see you asked if I had ever gone through a breakup and the answer is Yes,  Many of them,  Trust me when i say it to will pass
supporter:How long were you with your boyfriend?
seeker:that's good to know! I feel less alone. I guess it will take some time, but I feel better for having spoken to you about this. Thanks again for your support. 
seeker:We were together for almost 4 years. 
supporter:Glad I can be pf help

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hello
supporter:How are you doing today?
seeker:Okay. How are you?
supporter:Trying to be positive about the dumpster fire of 2020 lol, but positivity is kind of hard to maintain wouldn't you say?
seeker:It really, really is. Things just pile up, you know?
supporter:Totally! It's hard to plan for success when life seems a bit uncertain. Is there anything in particular that's bothering you?
seeker:It's a combination of things. I have no idea what I'm doing most days, just kind of going through the motions. Kind of like Groundhog Day, repeating the same day over and over with slightly different variations. Trying to get things done and taken care of, thinking I'm doing my best and feeling like it's never good enough. Feeling like I'm failing all the time.
supporter:Ah yes, the cog in the machine sort of vibe. Boy do I feel that. Well, the good thing is your not alone. The bad thing is societal pressure demands that we be productive or we think we're wasting time. When's the last time you took a day to enjoy something you like to do?
seeker:It's been a long time since I did that, I can't even remember when
seeker:I don't get many opportunities like that. 
supporter:What activity or activities are you thinking about? Anything that you enjoy or makes you smile.
seeker:Anything really. I have two kids, neither of which is in school yet so they're with me all the time. It's very rare that I have someone to watch them for me so I can do....anything by myself. One of my good friends got married recently and my parents watched them for me so I could go to her bachelorette party and wedding without them. That was the first time I'd gone anywhere without them in....over a year
supporter:Ah weddings, did you have fun?
seeker:I did. I had a really good time. It was weird being out without them, but it was fun
supporter:Nice! Well, two kids is A LOT, especially since they aren't in school yet. You are dealing with the care and growth of the most complex organism on this planet...times two! That's incredible. First of all, give yourself a pat on the back for that. Secondly, is it ok if i ask if you felt guilty for having fun without them? Often times guilt robs us of the ability to take care of ourselves, which happens to me all the time.
seeker:I'm working on that but I feel guilty wanting time to myself to do things
supporter:I think that's a systemic problem. Guilt is this powerful check when we do things that are wrong but self love is not wrong. When you constantly take care of others, you might forget to take care of yourself. We are only able to give the best version of ourselves when we feel validated. Perhaps there is a daycare or at home assistance program that will help give you the time to remember how great you are! Do you have some friends or close relatives that can talk with? 
seeker:Not really. They're all dealing with they're own issues
supporter:Have you asked them? I don't mean to be rude, but I have trouble asking for help and sometimes asking people for help seems like this huge, monumental task. But people can often surprise you. Of course, If you have, then I'd suggest looking up some motivational apps and trying meditation. While it can be hard with two young kids, meditation, even for only a few minutes, will help you relax through your doubt long enough to handle the challenges of the day. When you say you feel like your failing, do you think it is because you hold yourself a standard that is hard to reach?
seeker:I haven't and I guess I'm a pleaser. I always wanna make sure everyone around me is okay and has everything they need and I do have trouble asking for help. Not that I don't think I need it, I just feel guilty asking.

seeker:I feel sad, and feel like need help
supporter:Can you identify why you feel sad?
seeker:yes, my aunt pass away a couple weeks ago
seeker:and since then im feeling really sad
supporter:It is natural to feel sad when someone you care about dies.
seeker:IS there something I can do to feel better?
supporter:Are you with family?   Sometimes it helps to be with others who are grieving?
seeker:No, I live alone, my family lives in another state
supporter:Being by yourself is rough after a death.    Can you talk with your family by phone?   Do you have a friend who has gone through a similar loss?
seeker:I feel like everybody is in their own bussines and have no time to hear my complains
seeker:I talk to my family, but the whole family is not doing really fine
supporter:It sounds like you feel people think you are complaining when you talk about your Aunt's death making you sad.    Is that correct?
seeker:yes
supporter:Do you feel you are complaining?
seeker:yes, I feel like noone wants to listen
seeker:I need to do something by mnyself
seeker:Can you recommend someting for me to do to feel better?
supporter:My own experiences with family deaths is they are sad.    I just wanted to "feel better".    My experience was it did not help to complain about "being sad" but it did help to talk about why I missed my family member.     If no one was available,   sometimes I would journal.   Do you think that might help you?
seeker:Well maybe it could works, to mantain distracted
seeker:thank you
supporter:You are welcome.    I am sorry about your Aunt.
seeker:Thnak you, I think it helps to have someone to chat
seeker:Makes me feel better to chat a bit with you, helped me to relax
supporter:That is why I am here.     Is there anything else you would like to chat about?
seeker:I hink, Im fine for now. I will try to keep myself focus on different things
seeker:and try to chat a bit more at leaat with my family
supporter:Good bye?
seeker:Good bye!

supporter:Hi, how are you doing?
seeker:I'm good, thank you.  I hope you are as well.
supporter:How can I help you today?
supporter:How can I help you today?
seeker:I was just seeking support regarding a feeling of loneliness and sadness.  My two sons and their families both live overseas.  My daughter lives nearby and has cancer.  I feel overwhelmed and just sad.
supporter:Feeling sad is natural, you are going through a lot.  I’m glad you reached out so we can work together.
supporter:Feeling sad is natural, you are going through a lot.  I’m glad you reached out so we can work together.
seeker:Yes.  That's the good part.  I know feeling sad is natural...so I try and not let it get the best of me.  I just try and stay busy doing things I enjoy, reading and journaling.  I am also thinking of planning a trip to visit my sons next year if COVID is no longer an issue
supporter:I can tell that you understand what you are going through.  Keeping busy and planning for the future better times are great ways to help overcome some of your sadness.
seeker:Yes.  I agree.  I keep trying to get my daughter to fly overseas with me, but she hates to fly.  I totally understand that.  I don't really like it either.  Her tumor seems to be shrinking, which is a very good thing.
supporter:It’s really tough but I know you can do it.  You are really focused on the right things.
supporter:It’s really tough but I know you can do it.  You are really focused on the right things.
seeker:Yes.  I have always been a positive minded person.
supporter:For sure you are, I can tell how upbeat and positive you are from our conversation.
seeker:I am a work in progress.  
supporter:We are all working towards making ourselves better and I know that you will be successful.
supporter:We are all working towards making ourselves better and I know that you will be successful.
seeker:I appreciate your listening to me
supporter:We all need help from time to time.  I feel privileged to be able to listen to what you are going through and know you will be successful.
supporter:We all need help from time to time.  I feel privileged to be able to listen to what you are going through and know you will be successful.
supporter:We all need help from time to time.  I feel privileged to be able to listen to what you are going through and know you will be successful.
seeker:Thank you.  
supporter:You are a strong person and I hope that I have been helpful in listening and providing support.  There are many people going through similar situations and you are stronger than all of them.
supporter:You are a strong person and I hope that I have been helpful in listening and providing support.  There are many people going through similar situations and you are stronger than all of them.
seeker:Well, I don't know about that....but thank you.
supporter:Trust me, I speak with a lot of people going through tough times.  You are wonderful and I hope you have a good evening.
supporter:Trust me, I speak with a lot of people going through tough times.  You are wonderful and I hope you have a good evening.
seeker:Thank you for your time.  I hope you do as well.  Bye.
supporter:Bye

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello dear how are you today
seeker:Mostly ok, but I am a bit stressed about politics
supporter:well, at the moment a lot of people seem to be stressed out about politics but on the brighter side, everyone is a winner
seeker:Why do you say that?
supporter:However, talk to me, why are you stressed?
supporter:I say this based on the number of clients that I have had in the past one week. 
seeker:My best friend called me yesterday and was kind of gloating about Biden's win over Trump. She knows I supported Trump
supporter:ooh wow, she must have really been pushing your nerves to the core right about the Biden win, right?
seeker:Yes, and I sort of know that ultimately it doesn't matter but I am mad about it. I'm trying to figure out how to let things go and maintain our friendship. Any advice?
supporter:well look, One thing I have always learnt about people who push others to the core is that they always have that competitive spirit in them to always want to win while hurting others feelings
supporter:what do you think of that
seeker:She typically is not like this... but I can kind of see that point. Especially considering how upset she was 4 years ago when Trump won
supporter:I get it now. I believe she feels like she has finally gotten what she was yearning for after four years of Trumps administration and now she is elated that her candidate has finally won right? 
seeker:That's probably true
seeker:I guess I should just let her have her day?
supporter:well, let me ask you something. You've told me that you have been friends with her for a long time meaning that you understand her inside out right?
seeker:Pretty much... over 25 years actually
supporter:wow that's a long time. How about you letting her know how you really feel about what she is doing to you emotionally. What do you think the outcome might be?
seeker:I'm not sure... our political difference is a recent thing. However, I will try that and see what happens. We've been through a lot together over the years so it's probably not going to end our friendship. Thanks for your advice. I do feel better about things.
supporter:I'm glad you feel better. but just a parting shot. Sometimes when one let's their friends know what is really bothering them makes the friends trust them more given that they are open with them and could tell them what they feel deep inside. That's what true friendship is about. It works wonders
seeker:That's true. Again thank you and I hope the rest of your day goes well. Goodbye.
supporter:You are welcome. Bye

seeker:Hello
seeker:Nice meeting you
supporter:Hi there, how is your day going?
seeker:Fine and yours? 
seeker:I have anger issue
supporter:Uh oh, you feel you have an anger issue?  What's going on?
seeker:How can you help me resolve it?
supporter:Is there anyone you can talk to about what you are going through?
seeker:I get angry easily and it has affected a lot of my relationships. 
seeker:I don't seem to have anyone to talk to. 
supporter:How do you feel it is affecting your relationships?
seeker:I get angry at the slightest provocation. 
supporter:I understand how it can feel like you have no one to talk to.  Are you in school age, maybe a counselor could help?
seeker:I'm not getting it funny anymore 
supporter:What do you mean?
seeker:I'm an adult
seeker:Im a single mom
supporter:I was angry for a period of time after my husband passed away and I get where you are coming from
supporter:I am also a single mom now
seeker:It's glad you can see the world from my perspective. How did you overcome it? 
seeker:Oh that makes the 2 of us. 
supporter:Day by day, focusing on my kids and how I want them to be happy.  I also found a great support group in my community.  Have you checked in to something like that?
seeker:I'm thinking of something like that. I guess loneliness also makes it worse for me. I live alone... 
supporter:I know how hard it can be to live and feel alone.  Do you have any pets?
seeker:I don't have a pet but thinking of getting one. 
supporter:I think that's a great idea!  My dogs have really helped, they provide great comfort.
seeker:I will get a cat �� then. I heard they are a great companion. 
supporter:That sounds like a really good start in helping with your loneliness, it's great that you are thinking of ideas that will help move you forward.
seeker:Yes you've been great too. I love how you helped me handle my issues. You're awesome. 
supporter:Thank you, that's nice to hear.   Would you be interested in looking at the library for resources on groups or counseling?
seeker:Yes that's another great idea. I'm gonna check on our local library to get some books �� 
supporter:If you feel less comfortable in person, I bet there are many groups and information online as well.
seeker:Where are you? 
supporter:At home. Yesterday was great weather here.
seeker:Okay �� 
supporter:I have some errands to run, but I hope our chat helped and I hope you start feeling better.  I think your idea to get a cat and also to check out some resources is a great start in helping you heal.

seeker:Hi, my girlfriend just broke my heart
supporter:That stinks.  I understand how that can hurt.
supporter:How long had you been together?
seeker:we've been together for 5 years. 
supporter:And how did she break your heart?
seeker:through email. so it hurts even harder
supporter:So it sounds like she broke up with you over email rather than face to face or even a call.  Not very considerate.
seeker: yeah couldn't even do it face to face
seeker:I'm so hurt 
supporter:From talking with you I can tell this has been a real blow and need to find a way to move on.
seeker:yes it has broke my heart into a million pieces 
supporter:I've had that happen before to me a few times.  It's just the absolute worst feeling.
seeker:definitely is.  what should I do to get my mind off this awful breakup
supporter:One of your first thoughts might be to get back out there, but really the best thing to do is to start doing things that you like, and that improve you personally.
seeker:ok perfect. that will keep my mind occupied 
supporter:Do you enjoy any hobbies, or going to the gym?  If so, that might be a great place to start.
seeker:yes I do. I like playing basketball with friends 
supporter:That's perfect, and a great way to get your mind off her while having fun at the same time.
seeker:yes it will. but damn it sucks . I will take your advice 
seeker:two more to go 
supporter:Glad to hear it.  Also, once you feel you're ready, there are plenty of ways to meet new girls.  There's the obvious places like online dating or bars, but also some not so obvious like the farmers market or shopping
supporter:I hope it works out for you in the end.  I'm sure it will!
seeker:you there?
supporter:I can tell by our chat that you're feeling better already!
supporter:Yep, still here.  Are you still seeing my messages?

seeker:hi
supporter:How are you doing today? 
seeker:not quite ok! my head keep ringing, breathing rate fast all i could think of was the occurrence 
supporter:What's the occurrence exactly that you are referring to? 
seeker:caught my girlfriend cheating on me 
supporter:Oh wow! I'm so sorry! I can't imagine how you are feeling! Have you found anything to do to keep you busy? Or maybe some good distractions? 
seeker:no! all i think of is her, loved her wish she never did that
supporter:Do you think you guys could reconcile your relationship? Is there any hope? Is she willing to work with you and work through her mistakes? 
seeker:i wished we could, i just cannot get it of my mind
supporter:It takes time. Sometimes, the best relationships occur when people work through the most difficult occurrences in their relationship. Have you tried talking to her? I would recommend talking to her when your emotions have settled. 
seeker:guessed you right, i just don't know if i can trust her, I don't think i can heal from the betrayer 
supporter:I would make a pros and cons list. If there are a lot of pros, I think it's worth a shot! Just give yourself time to process everything that has happened. You don't want to sit down and talk to her and let all your emotions come out. That could cause more harm. Just make a list and you'll have a better understanding of which direction you should go with your relationship! 
seeker:i understand, its just hard to trust when the trust is broken, hard to know what direction to turn to, forgive her or move on, to choose is just a hard decision. Guess i need to hear her own part of the story
supporter:Yes. Give it time. Wait to hear her story. Make your pros and cons list. And see where to go from there. Be easy on yourself. It's okay to have hard days. Just give yourself time to heal from the hurt! 
seeker:I try working towards that, i just wish am back to myself soon because it has really affected me. 
supporter:I am sure it has! Try to spend time with friends and family that can be there for you during this time. You need to lean on people when things get hard like this! 
seeker:wished i have friends i could trust, all just mock and wished you worse, hated being alive
supporter:That's awful! You need better friends than that!! What about your family? 
seeker:Guess I'll go stay with them till i can get myself together 
supporter:That's a great idea! Family can be super helpful for you during this time!! Let me know if I can be  a supporter for you in any other way! 
seeker:Thanks' so much , you lifted my mood , you being really helpful
supporter:No problem at all! Sending positive vibes your way!! You can get through this!! 
seeker:Thanks
supporter:No problem! Hope things get better for you! 

supporter:hi what's bothering you today?
seeker:I’m upset 
supporter:everyone can be upset can you tell me more? 
seeker:I lost my job and I can’t find my dream job.
supporter:I understand loosing a job can be tough. but it's not the end of the road. you can take it as door closing and opening a new one
seeker:That’s true. How can I find my dream job?
seeker:I broke up with my partner because of it.
supporter:have you tried looking to build your resume. i.e trying new jobs to get your dream job?
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you also broke up with your g.f.. but I'm here to help you get through it 
seeker:I’ve tried a new job but it didn’t work. Should I do jobs that are similar to my dream job?
supporter:yes, it's better to star small and built your experience. the more experience you'll have the better chances you'll land your dream job 
seeker:Thank you, what’s the best way to build experience?
supporter:compare what your dream job what's and try to get similar experience. if they want customer service then maybe land a job similar in that field. 
seeker:Okay, how would I get a job if I don’t have experience I. That field?
supporter:well to start. apply. prepare for your interview. make a good resume and cover letter.  the goal is to get experience any where you can go from their 
seeker:I understand, work can be hard to find with the pandemic. I was laid off because of it.
supporter:yes it's tough maybe try going to school.
seeker:I thought about that too but but, right now I don’t have that much money to go to school. Also idk what is my niche.
supporter:govt have loans to help you go back to school 
seeker:Can you get a gov loan if you are outside of the country? Like Mexico for example?
supporter:yes you can. anyways hope I help you today 
supporter:are you there??

seeker:Hi!
seeker:Hello, are you there?
supporter:Hello how are you
seeker:I'm doing okay. How are you?
supporter:Great how is everything going for you
seeker:Not fantastic. I'm struggling in my job and I feel isolated every day.
supporter:Why do you feel isolated? 
seeker:Because even though I work in a large school, I feel like if there are any issues in my classroom with students, no one will help me out.
supporter:I completely  understand. I don't worked at a school and the teachers did not receive much support. Is that what is making you stuggle at work?
seeker:I don't understand your question.
supporter:Is it the lack of support at the school that is causing you to struggle?
seeker:Yes. That's what I said.
supporter:Sorry I asked about the isolation and you mentioned the reason was the work. So im just trying to confirm your lack of support at school is the reason for your struggle. Does the feeling of isolation stem from that?
seeker:Yes. I am feeling isolated because management at my work is not supporting me.
supporter:Understandable.Do they have any kind of help groups at your school?  
seeker:Not really. They try to say that we should all make sure we are looking after our mental health, but they do nothing that would actually help us or give us a way to do it.
supporter:Is there something you have in mind that might help your situation and theyre not listening? 
seeker:If a student is not focusing and causing disruption in a classroom, then I think they should definitely do something to help manage the beahviour of the student. Yes.
supporter:Agreed with 20 some students after repeatedly trying with a student you cannot keep stopping the lecture to discipline. Of course there should be some help in place.
seeker:Okay. Do you have any support or advice?
supporter:Ive seen this first hand and teachers really have their hands full. I know most parents are busy, but have you tried to connect with the parents maybe they can step in and talk to their children.
seeker:That's good advice and I have, but the parents are part of the problem. They care less than their own child.
supporter:There are also several community groups with different kids of occupations. Ive seen multiple ones for teachers helping each other by sharing their own methods. That might help with some ideas. 
seeker:That's also a nice idea. Thank you.
seeker:Okay, thank you for your help today. Hace a nice day. Bye!
supporter:No problem. I hope you find some better ideas. You are not alone and remember you have one of the hardest jobs out there!
seeker:Thank you. That helps to hear someone else say that.
seeker:Have a good day. Bye.
supporter:Same to you!

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello how are you doing?
seeker:I’m doing OK. I’m just a little anxious and nervous about my upcoming exams. 
supporter:I am sure you are trying the hardest you can
seeker:I think I am. But these virtual classes are very difficult. 
supporter:Have you tried looking for guidance from your peers?
seeker:It is much easier to lean on other students when we are in a class. But with virtual, it is much more difficult. 
supporter:I understand how you are feeling. It is nice to have somebody to lean on during difficult times.
seeker:I just have to focus on my studies and not let what is going on impact my studies. 
supporter:I believe in you and i think you will do great!
seeker:Do you have any advice on keeping me focused?
supporter:What is your exam on?
seeker:Economics and Business Law. 
supporter:You should find a nice quiet spot to study. Maybe find something to feel you calm which will help you stay focused.
seeker:Good advice. I usually study in my bedroom, but that leads to distractions, such as TV and others wanting to talk. 
supporter:Also make sure you are comfortable and have good lighting. That should help to.
seeker:Yes. I just have to buckle down and focus. Any advice for my anxiety?
supporter:Do you have any music you like listen to? I always find music to be calming.
seeker:Yes. Good point. Might try some yoga too. 
seeker:Thanks!
supporter:I hope i was able to help you and wish you best of luck.
seeker:Thanks.  You definitely gave me some good advice. I appreciate it. 
seeker:Enjoy your day. 

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hello, how are you?
supporter:Im am fine, How's things today?
seeker:Stressful, but I have to deal with it. I can't afford to not be present.
supporter:I understand that many people now in these days are in a position where he or she needs to be at a location and that is stressfull
seeker:So i guess the point of this is for me to talk about what it is that I'm facing?
seeker:I have to have a brave face for everyone because I'm in charge of young people. I have to be strong for them, but it leaves me feeling exhausted
supporter:Being a father of two girls makes my skin cringe. Young people can be very challenging. Tell me more about this? 
seeker:I teach special needs students, and they definitely make me happy. It's a very, very rewarding job. However, with political division and COVID, it's hard to reach this population. Parents are not supportive. I feel like I'm being stretched so thin.
seeker:I'm also a parent, and my son is doing virtual learning, so he's just as isolated. 
supporter:I remember a time where learning crisis management that taking a deep breath and meditating in the positive work that you are doing can open up your mind to suggestions from your inner self. Have you ever thought that you superb skills can transmit in your home as well?
seeker:Getting to that mindsight is challenging when the overwhelming feelings of 'failure' loom so heavily. I was seeing a therapist and making great strides, then he informed me that he was moving to a private practice. I cannot afford his sliding scale, and I feel let down. It's just that when one thing starts to go wrong, other things follow. Most of the time I see myself as a positive person that can work through challenging situations, but like you said it's a tough time for everyone
supporter:So now that you understand that you have a awesome skill and that is being positive, build on this. What building blocks can you write down that has helped you pushed through the fire and keep it some where close to you to always give you piece of mind and reinforce your habits of pushing through the fire. 
seeker:Well, I am not one for journaling or anything. I try to stay active. I am about 6 months into remission from stage 4 HL (cancer) and it's been quite the emotional journey there. With that said, the mental and physical overhaul left quite a dent in my overall feelings about myself. I'm just now able to run again and in the past week I ran 2 5k's. To me, this was monumental and made me feel great. I'm also learning how to not overextend myself. I just keep hoping for continued improvement in all areas. The reinforcement is just that I can get through this, these feelings are only temporary.
supporter:I totally understand that you are not for writing things down to keep. Yet, you have gone through a alot of events in your life where other would have given up. The key is transmitting your successes regardless of the situations. COVID is not going anywhere and as a person who has beaten stage 4 cancer, it is scary to be living in these times. You are doing monumental things, never forget that because your feelings and stamina for living will bind everything together. Politics, is the dirtiest and no government can solve  and will solve the problems in the world.  
seeker:thank you for listening. It helps to sometimes just get it out there. I have to go coach now (virtually). Have a great evening.
supporter:You too as well
supporter:anytime 

supporter:Hi there, how are we doing today?
seeker:little depressed
supporter:I am sorry to hear that youre feeling depressed, do you want to say whats going on?
seeker:yeah, i broke up with my girl yesterday
supporter:Sorry to hear, if you dont mind me asking, Why did the break up happen?
seeker:she cheated me by having another relationship with her cousin
seeker:it feels so hurting
supporter:I have been there myself with a cheating spouse, I know it is rough, especially so close to when it happened. I can assure you it does get better though.
seeker:i can't bear her activity and when i asked about it she lies at me
seeker:and afterwards showing rude attitude towards me 
supporter:I think the best thing you can do right now is distance yourself from her.
supporter:It sounds like she is acting toxic and you do not need that right now. I am happy to help and talk with you, but might i suggest going to a local therapist or counselor?
seeker:yeah, i think so. but i can't control my sadness of being betrayed by my loved one
supporter:It will take time, the best way to let it not control you is by talking about it. You gain control over it that way.
supporter:Being betrayed by someone you love is one of the biggest heart breaks there is. You have to focus on yourself and healing that wound. 
seeker:but how can i get out of it, it does so hurting. we are in a relationship of almost 4 years
supporter:It will not be a quick process that i can heal right now. The best way to get out of it is to see a professional. There are many out there that work on a sliding scale or even free. They will help guide you back to yourself.
seeker:I think so, do i need to concentrate on the activities like achieve my goal
supporter:Yes do you have any specific goals right now? or even hobbies you are working on?
seeker:yes i need to get a good job
supporter:I know its tough out there for that as well. I had gotten furloughed but i didnt let pride get in the way and took what i could find for now.
supporter:Have you worked on your resume or updated it?
seeker:yes am working in a restaurant as supervisor
supporter:I worked in restaurants all my life. Its tough but rewarding. Have you looked into moving up from a supervisor? Maybe talk with your boss?
supporter:Hello are you there?
seeker:yes i wants to become a hotel owner
supporter:Well you have the real world experience which is good. Have you thought about doing some classes at a local community college to help with that?
seeker:yes i will
supporter:That is great news! See we already got your mind off your girlfriend. You'll be back on your feet stronger than ever soon.
seeker:yes, i think so... thank you for your suggestions
supporter:you are very welcome. Is there anything else on your mind?
seeker:not now
supporter:Well, that is good, Just start focusing on yourself, my friend.
seeker:yeah, thank you my friend
supporter:Great, feel free to end the chat so you can get started on bettering yourself!
seeker:ok friend thanks a lot
supporter:You are welcome
supporter:Are you having trouble with ending the chat?

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:I am well 
seeker:You?
supporter:Great, thank you. What can I help you with today?
seeker:My buddy can be an asshole when he is drinking.  I was just expressing his in the hit.  I guess you are to help me with that situation?  Not sure how you are supposed to do this but give it a shot. 
supporter:Have you tried talking to him about his drinking? Is he otherwise a pretty good friend when he's sober?
seeker:Yeah he is a good friend and it doesn't happen all that often but often enough.  He knows that he has to cut down.  He has talked about laying off the booze but once he starts, he is the kind that drinks to get drunk.
seeker:How old are you and where are you from?
seeker:male or female?
supporter:I'm a early 30s woman from Michigan, and I actually used to have a problem with my drinking as well. People kind of pushed the problem aside though because drinking is so socially acceptable.
supporter:But maybe if you talk to him right after it's happened and offer to be a sober friend with him, it could help. 
seeker:I am not too far from you.  In Minnesota.  That is not bad advice and could probably help us both to cut back on the sauce a bit
seeker:We like our beer up here in the north. =0)
seeker:What do you do for a living?
supporter:Yeah, I get that, that's why it was so hard for me to quit. I hit it pretty hard for 13 years before I finally got sober! It's a tough thing to do when everyone else is drinking. It's just getting to that realization that you don't have the same relationship as alcohol as everyone else. Hopefully if you have a chat with him he can get to that point.
supporter:I'm just staying at home with my kid and homeschooling her right now since the schools are closed. 
seeker:That is noble.  This damn covid is sure a pain in the ass here and across the country.  Our school is going to all distance learning starting Monday. YUCK!
seeker:Everyone will be home schooling
supporter:Ours as well, I just decided to do homeschooling at the beginning of the year so that I wouldn't have to deal with all the back and forth of the districts. I'm hoping they can somehow get a handle on things sooner rather than later because everything is just getting so bad again. 
seeker:I agree with that.  Well nice chatting with you and I hope everything goes well for you and your kids. 
supporter:Thanks, for you as well. Hope I could help a bit. 
seeker:I guess we have to have 10 messages
seeker:Thought we were close
supporter:I think we are, I think this would be my 10th. 
seeker:ok
seeker:Good luck with your mturk earnings.
supporter:Thanks you too

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello. How are you doing today?
seeker:I have had better days. 
supporter:Would you like to talk about it?
seeker:I could use someone to talk to. 
supporter:I would love to listen. Where would you like to start?
seeker:I’ve been feeling down since I broke up with my girlfriend of 5 years. 
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that. Breakups are never an easy thing. I've also gone through those and they can make you feel awful.
seeker:I’m just trying to pick up the pieces and look to be positive. 
supporter:That's an excellent place to start. It's hard but I believe that you can do it.
supporter:Do you have any family or friends that you've been speaking to about this?
seeker:Thanks for the encouragement. That means a lot. 
seeker:Any suggestions on how I can get my mind off of it?
supporter:Do you have any hobbies? I found that refocusing my energy into something I love doing really helped to bring my mood up.
seeker:Great advice. I think I’m going to start up taking yoga again and catch up on some books I’ve been wanting to read. 
supporter:Yoga is an amazing stress reliever. I practice myself! I like your game plan and I think you'll start feeling the results sooner than you think.
seeker:I think I’m going to lay low on dating for a while. 
supporter:I completely understand. You'll know when you're ready again and it's great to take things at your own pace. All that matters is to do things when you're ready to.
seeker:How long do you think I should take a break for?
supporter:Honestly, that will end up being up to you. With my last big breakup, I didn't date for almost a year until I met someone. I would suggest at least a month or so to take some time for yourself and focus on yourself and what makes you happy so when you are ready to date again, you have a stronger sense of self.
seeker:Thanks. That is great advice. I wouldn’t want to go into something just for the sake of dating. 
supporter:Agreed. Taking the breather definitely helps.
seeker:Sounds good. I will take your advice. 
supporter:I'm glad. I really wish you the best and I know that you're going to come through this stronger.

seeker:Hello, I have been feeling very overwhelmed with school.
supporter:Hello. I totally understand being stressed out by school. I am currently in a Ph.D. program and it can be overwhelming. Do you have any hobbies to help with your stress?
seeker:I do like to read, but I haven't had enough time. I have been going on walks more frequently.
supporter:It sounds like you do a lot of activities that are solitary. Have you considered maybe partaking in a similar activity, like a book club, where there is more interaction with people?
seeker:No, I did not consider that actually. I do enjoy my alone time since I am so busy and I have a toddler, but maybe doing something more sociable would be good.
supporter:Being busy, especially with having a small child can make you feel lonely, enhancing the stress you feel from school. Participating in social events geared toward your interest might be able to connect you to people with similar feelings!
seeker:I think so too. I never thought of it like that.
supporter:I'm sure that you are trying your best to be both a good student and a great parent. It is understandable that you may not have considered those options.
seeker:Yes I constantly think of my son and family, and I didn't think involving myself in sociable activities would be beneficial.
seeker:I figured I really needed some alone time. I didn't realize I could be experiencing loneliness.
supporter:It is so admirable that you are acting so selfless.
supporter:Are you aware of any activities that you can participate in that can include your family? It could be the best of both worlds.
seeker:Yes, we like to go swimming at the YMCA together.
supporter:That is great! Physical activity has been shown to reduce stress levels.
supporter:My sister-in-law really benefits from having her sons in sports. She is able to connect with the other team moms and considers them some of her best friends. Depending on your YMCA your son may be able to participate in some of their programs?
seeker:Yes, and swimming is great exercise.
seeker:And if we do that more we can spend more time together.
seeker:I have been looking into putting him in soccer.
seeker:He can start at 3 years old.
supporter:Soccer would be a perfect way for both you and your son to interact with other people of similar interests.
seeker:I think so too. You gave me a lot to think about today that I didn't consider before.
supporter:I am glad to help, Hopefully, considering these options will not only reduce your stress from being busy with being a parent and with school, but it will also bring you closer to your child.
seeker:Yes, and both of those are major goals of mine. But the stress sometimes feels inevitable.
supporter:Sometimes stress is inevitable. You just have to know how to channel it. Some use physical activity, others use journaling. These seem to be outlets you can consider?
seeker:The physical activity for sure.
seeker:I do so much writing with my Master's program. Sometimes I feel like my hand will fall off.
supporter:Physical activity seems to be the option you are most interested in.
supporter:Have you considered setting daily exercise goals?
seeker:Yes, I am a pretty active and fit person.
seeker:Yes, I do try to go to the gym 3 times per week at least.
supporter:Having goals for a given day can help motivate you to do the exercises and keep your head cleared from stress.
seeker:I agree. I will definitely start to engage in more activities with peers and more swimming with my family. Thank you for your advice!
supporter:Your welcome.

seeker:Hello I was wondering if I can discuss the effects of the pandemic have on my mental health. 
supporter:Hello
supporter:How has the pandemic affected your mental health?
seeker:Well, right now my city is undergoing a second wave and it was doing very well so far, but in the past two weeks, have been a slow and steady surge of daily cases. Just feeling stress and fear from the second wave. 
supporter:I understand how hard living through this pandemic is. It is such crazy time! I also have felt fear and stress from the second wave of the pandemic. 
supporter:It is natural to feel stressed when there is a global pandemic. 
supporter:I am sure with the correct coping strategies you can handle this pandemic!
seeker:yeah it's crazy. I am starting to feel paranoid and stressed everytime I go out for groceries. I work once or twice a week outside of the home and I generally get groceries once every two weeks, but my guard is up again, ever since the first wave was gone by the end of summer. 
seeker:I am also sorry to hear that you have stress from this. I sympathize fully.
supporter:I have been doing grocery pick-up because of the pandemic, so I sympathize with you. 
seeker:Thank you for the positive message and believing in me.
supporter:Wearing a mask and using hand sanitizer can keep you safe and healthy while grocery shopping. 
seeker:grocery pick-up, that's not a bad coping mechanism. I don't know, I don't want to spend the extra money for the special handling though, plus I just feel paranoid having someone touch my groceries. But that's just me. 
seeker:sanitizer I should probably get, just a disposable one to keep on me at all times. 
supporter:Practicing mindfulness and going on a short walk in nature can help with your stress. 
seeker:yes that would help I suppose, just that I stopped going out, to the gym, movies, anything frivolous ever since the pandemic started. 
supporter:At some grocery stores, they have made pick-up free due to the pandemic. You should look into that if you are interested in it. 
seeker:My life was put on a pause and I still can't believe it's november already. 
supporter:I also have stopped going out since the pandemic started. 
seeker:ok, I will look into the grocery method.
supporter:Just from chatting with you, you seem to be very open to suggestions and are devoted to making it through these crazy times. 
supporter:Has your work life been affected by the pandemic?
seeker:so literally, I only go out for a purpose, meaning special errands like groceries and personal administrative tasks, banking, work, and only that. 
seeker:work life, let me think
seeker:I only started a new work in September, and it's not much (about two days a week), so I can't comment too much about that. It is stressful seeing more people than usual outside of my home and in such close quarters
supporter:Yes, I also only go out for groceries and work. I only work with a few people, so that helps. 
seeker:so I get nervous in general when I am at work but I do my work just the same. May not be able to work as well because I have to breathe through a mask, and some other small difficulties.
supporter:That is good that you can continue to do your work the same. 
seeker:Thank you for all the positive messages so far and in understanding and sympathizing with me. 
supporter:Is there anything else I should know about how the pandemic is affecting you?
seeker:pretty much. If anything, it's my academic life at home that has changed not so well. 
supporter:Are you a student?
seeker:yes, I take online courses and I tend to procrastinate a lot more and get distracted as I find myself more and more at home. Just getting carried away and now have impending deadlines. 
seeker:I can get through it but it has had a toll on my productivity. 
seeker:I was just taking my sweet time with it and that wasn't good
supporter:I am also a student and am not motivated to do school work at home, so I completely understand. I am sure you are successful at school! 
supporter:Having a planner may keep you organized and on-task. 
supporter:Dedicating a certain time frame and area for school work might help, as well. 
supporter:Dedicating a certain time frame and area for school work might help, as well. 
seeker:Because prior to the pandemic, I was pretty regimented with set schedules and can clear my mind with work-outs and going to the gym and movies, but now it's not that simple. 
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:Thank you and I hope your schooling goes well also. 
supporter:Thank you, you too!
seeker:yeah I like your idea of dedicating the time. I find that I am slacking off and being disorganized in areas like time management. So yes I have to improve on that. 
seeker:I suppose you have been doing your schooling relatively better in your situation? 
seeker:I hope you do anyhow
supporter:Great ideas! Is there anything else I can help you with? 
seeker:would you have any other advice on how to overcome things like time management with academics? like how to avoid procrastination?
seeker:Because this was so much better in the past that I just had set schedules and can clear my mind by going out, etc. 
seeker:and feeling refreshed and feeling the urgency to study again. 
seeker:But that's gone for me now. 
supporter:I would reccomend setting deadlines in your planner of when tasks need to be completed and also setting timers for 20 minutes at a time where you have to focus for that long before you can do any other task.
seeker:Great, I think that's a good area for me to go into. 
seeker:Timers and set agendas
supporter:Yes!
seeker:like a timetable when they used to hand out when I used to be in high school, let's say
seeker:and this hour I do this, etc. 
seeker:and as you say, yoga or work out in between
seeker:all great ideas I think
supporter:Yes, excellent!
seeker:thank you for that. 
seeker:ok then. I think I am set now to get back to my studies then with a refreshed mind. 
supporter:You are so welcome. Have a great day!
seeker:Thank you for all your help. You as well and I hope your studies and work go well. 
seeker:have a great day also
supporter:Thank you! Talk to you later. 

supporter:How are you feeling?
seeker:i feel depresed
supporter:Why do you feel depressed?
seeker:breakup with my partner
supporter:Breakups can be really tough.  How long were you with your partner?
seeker:3years of time we have been in love
supporter:I once had a relationship end after 5 years with a partner.  Staying active really helped me get over the relationship.  Through that activity I actually met my new partner!
seeker:but i love my partner so much that i couldnt forget her right now
supporter:Have you thought about doing something fun, like taking a trip somewhere?
seeker:yeah we went for trip we had a god relationship
supporter:It's really difficult, but I know you can get through this!  What do you like to do for fun?
seeker:we had enjoyment and romance
supporter:Have you thought about fun activities you did without your partner?
seeker:none i love her so much so i have not done anything without her
supporter:What about before you met her?
seeker:i was doing good
supporter:What did you do for fun before you met her?
seeker:sighting girls
supporter:I loved doing that too!  Have you thought about going out and doing that with your friends now?
seeker:yes. after having a chat with you i feel some goodness in me
supporter:Good!  From talking to you I can tell that you have a lot of goodness in you!
seeker:thank you so much 
supporter:You are so welcome.  I am so happy you are feeling better!
seeker:Fine love you
supporter:I hope you have a great day.
seeker:thank you
supporter:Is there anything else you would like to talk about?

supporter:Hello!
seeker:Hello
supporter:Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?
seeker:Yes,i feel like i am in depsression.
supporter:Im sorry to hear that. What do you think may have led up to these feelings of being depressed?? 
seeker:My partner broke up with me impromptu
supporter:Oh dear, yes that can be incredibly hard to deal with. Relationships are so full of emotion that when they end it can feel like chaos or despair.
supporter:Ive been through a few bad breakups myself in the past so i know how you must be feeling right now.
seeker:Exactly,that is my current situation.I feel like my entire life has been rearranged
seeker:How did you deal with them and specifically what was your coping mechanism?
supporter:Well to be honest in some ways your life has been rearranged, but thats okay. Its not EASY, but it is okay, or rather will be okay. experiencing life is just a big bunch of rearrangements that we learn to adapt to and grow from and even out of. Its what gives us depth and character as human beings.
supporter:HA, well at first i cried and was mad and just moped and hated everything, but eventually i got tired of no getting anything out of my days. I slowly realised that i had put myself in slow motion and then slowly started to do things i used to do to maybe come out of it.
seeker:True,what ways would you suggest i use to approach my situation and get out of this state?
seeker:It is very pathetic really when you think of it,halting all your life activities and plans just because a relationship ended.
supporter:Well i had a close friend that i was able to vent to and help me see what was important. Do you have anyone close in your life you could talk to for guidance?
seeker:Close friends can really be helpful in such situations.Yes,i do have a close friend even though i am very poor when it comes to opening up.
supporter:I see what you mean about pathetic lol. But rather than see yourself as pathetic in a negative, use that defiance to push yourself back out into the world.
supporter:Start slowly with opening up, maybe even tell your friend you intent and ask them to be patient as you learn to better express your inner feelings
seeker:Yes,i should do that because at the end of it all i still have myself to take care of
supporter:I think youre already on the right track. I just know you can get back to you!
seeker:Opening up is a skill that i could do better at because i have never been the open type.But with a little practice i could get better at it.
seeker:I have to get better no matter what.Are there other tactics you can share with me with regards to my current situation?
supporter:There are resources online that perhaps you could look into to help with expressing yourself.
seeker:Is there any particular resource you can refer me to?
supporter:Yes just a moment
seeker:Waiting,thank you
supporter:I was going to send you a few links but it wont let me
seeker:Ooh too bad
seeker:Could you just name a few then i can look them up on my own later?
supporter:instead try googling the phrase " how to open up to others" and there should be a few sites with tips and references
seeker:Ok that's rather helpful
supporter:healthyplace.com has a good article
seeker:Will definitely check it out
supporter:Im hope that i have been able to help at least a little bit
seeker:You have been of a very great help to me today
seeker:I feel better and ready to face the world 
supporter:Excellent! im so happy to hear that, Maybe next time youll be the one to inspire someone! Have a great rest of your day!
seeker:I hope so too and wishing you a great day too

supporter:Hello there, how are we doing today?
seeker:Hi ineed help, parents are putting to much pressure on me 
supporter:Im sorry to hear that your parents are putting to much pressure on you, do you want to go into further detail?
seeker:Yes. For some reason my parents put so much pressure on me to do well in school its killing me. 
supporter:I am sure they just want what is best, but i have been there as a teen as well. What matters the most is how you feel. Have you talked to them?
seeker:No. i haven't im scared they will be so mad at me telling them how i feel
supporter:Have you tried talking to a school counselor?
seeker:No, i haven't but i will take your advice and talk to a counselor
supporter:It is a good first step. Also depending how old you are some therapists work on a sliding scale or wave fees if you cant afford it.
supporter:The counselor may be able to act as a mediator between you and your parents.
seeker:That's great. it will definitely ease some tensions
supporter:I wouldnt hold off to long as these types of problems tend to brew and just get stronger. I know you will feel better once you let it out there. I hope it is even helping now.
seeker:I will talk to the counsellor first and see what they say. 
seeker:i feel so much better now
supporter:I am very happy for you
seeker:thank you. feel less pressure
supporter:Is there anything else on your mind that i can help you with?
seeker:no that's it. you've been very helpful 
supporter:Great, make sure you do it, it might be rough at first but stick with it and im sure youll do great.
seeker:are you there? 
supporter:Yes sorry, the communication program was lagging a bit. 
seeker:Thank you. i will do my best to get it off my chest 
seeker:it is.  But thank you for our advice 
supporter:You are very welcome!
seeker:thank you again

seeker:I feel sad
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Do you want to tell me more about what is going on?
seeker:im mad at myself for trusting him again
supporter:What happened?
seeker:he cheated on me
supporter:I am so sorry about that. I would be sad and mad too
seeker:he ghosted and he was trying to get with other girsl on tinder
seeker:i wish he had the balls to actually do a proper break up he promised me he would never do that but ofcourse he lied
supporter:I can understand how upset that must be
seeker:I know
seeker:why did he lied
supporter:That's an answer we might never know. 
supporter:What's something that would make you feel better?
seeker:I should of left when he made my white coat ceromony after him after I worked my tail off for 3 yearts for it
seeker:im not really sure
seeker:i wish i can forget he exsisted
supporter:That has to be frustrating.
supporter:It sounds like you are angry. How long ago did all of this happen?
seeker:a year ago its embarising to still be mad about it still
seeker:but he was my first everything
supporter:It sounds like he meant a lot to you!
seeker:yeah he really did he threw me away so easily. 
seeker:i wish he could know if he felt sorry for the things he did
seeker:i wish i could know
supporter:Do you want to talk to him again?
seeker:im not sure I would proably cry and maybe he wont feel anything
seeker:thats a really good question
supporter:What if you wrote him an email? Would that help?
seeker:I doubt he would respond after all he ghosted me
seeker:damn im already crying 
supporter:I am so sorry. What would help you right now in this moment?
seeker:im not sure I tried therapy and im already on anti depressents
seeker:i think im more at myself
seeker:mad
seeker:maybe crying is a good thing
supporter:I know when I cry it sometimes helps me
seeker:I do feel better after crying
seeker:I dont know how to heal from it. 
seeker:I found out he posted a pic with this girl and in in the past he would say that was stupid to do
supporter:It takes time. You're grieving. It's hard. What about disconnecting from what he does?
seeker:thats what ive been trying to do
seeker:each day is differnt
supporter:It sounds like every time you find out something he is doing, it's hurting you even more.
seeker:yeah
seeker:thats a good way to put it but each day is differnt
seeker:there are months that go by that I dont think of him
supporter:I am proud of you for keeping going and moving forward. Day by day you'll get there!
seeker:and sometimes when I think im healed a little thing comes and it feels like i fell apart
seeker:its not hard for guys to find me atractive but I wish I have the person he is in my head
seeker:but thats not reasonable
supporter:That happens but more importantly you pick yourself back up! You'll find someone eventually!
seeker:but for some reason I have hope that I will feel better
seeker:it taught me a lot like when someone isnt trying that I should leave
seeker:for that lesson ill be greatful
seeker:i feel a little better now
supporter:That's great to hear! I am so glad you are feeling better!
seeker:thank you i think im done for now
supporter:Best of luck to you and hang in there!

seeker:I believe that I can get over this time in my life but I need support.
supporter:What are you having a problem with?
seeker:My husband has cancer.
seeker:I have been really depressed.
supporter:I understand how you are feeling.  My mom had cancer.
supporter:It really helped me to join a support group.
seeker:So how do you keep going without crying?
seeker:How do I find a support group? I live in a rural place.
supporter:Crying is natural.  You have every right to have those feelings.  Don't try and stop yourself from crying.
seeker:Ok. How do I not cry in front of him?
supporter:There are online support groups you could get involved with.
seeker:Yeah but where do I find them?
supporter:You can google - online cancer support groups.
seeker:It makes it tough because I don't make as much money as he does/
seeker:What kind of cancer di your mother have?
supporter:My mother had rectal cancer.  She went through a surgery and chemo and radiation and then she went into remission.
seeker:Oh he has a 25 percent of remission
supporter:If you are having problems with money you might be able to qualify for food assistance through the SNAP program.
supporter:Hang in there, I know it is rough but there is hope.
seeker:Yeah but food I can always get. Its paying the bills.
supporter:Hang in there, I know it is rough but there is hope.
seeker:I know I will snap out of it and get my strength back.
seeker:I always bounce back.
supporter:Remember, as much as you need to be strong for him - you need to take care of yourself extra special during this time.
supporter:Remember, as much as you need to be strong for him - you need to take care of yourself extra special during this time.
seeker:Yeah I have been. I am thinking about rewarding myself.
supporter:That's a great idea!  You deserve it!
seeker:I really appreciate your help.
supporter:You are very welcome.  I understand how you are feeling.  I will pray for you.
seeker:Thank you I guess I should be going
supporter:Alright, hang in there.  You will get through this.  Best wishes to you!
seeker:Same to you bye.
supporter:Bye
seeker:Hey one more thing can I talk too you again?
supporter:Right now?
seeker:No another time.
supporter:I don't know if we are supposed to give out private information.
seeker:That's ok bye.

supporter:Hi there, how are you doing today?
seeker:Doing well.  How are you?
supporter:Im great, whats on your mind?
seeker:Have you experienced your partner cheating on you?
supporter:I actually have
seeker:Really?  
seeker:What happened?  
supporter:Yes, my girlfriend of 10 years, 2 years after our first kid was born.
seeker:After 18 months of trying, my marriage ended in divorce.
supporter:I know it seems rough right now, but it can be for the better.
seeker:How old are your children?   It seem the children have it the hardest.
seeker:It has been 2 years ago for me, and I feel soooo much better now.  
supporter:She was 2 at the time, so she really didnt know what was going on, Yes i do too. It is really a weight off you
seeker:Two, wow!  That is young.  
seeker:How often do you see your daughter? 
seeker:I have split custody, and have my son live with me every other week.
supporter:She lives with me, Im glad that you get to see your kid. I know sometimes that can go south quick.
supporter:I am also glad that you are doing better now. 
seeker:Yes,  my ex and I both have to live in the same city for school for our son.  
seeker:He is 14 now, and will be able to drive to school in another year.   
supporter:Exciting and scary times. How do you feel about that?
seeker:For 18 months, it was the lowest point in my life.   Now, looking back on it, I believe it was the right thing to do.   
seeker:I would never trust her again.   Onward and upward now!
supporter:Well, you did say it made you stronger. It takes courage to move past it.
seeker:Yes, not sure if I will ever be married again.   
seeker:I wish you the best.  Keep your head up and look to the future.   Bye.
supporter:Well, no harm in taking this time to focus on yourself and your kid. As long as you feel happy
supporter:Thanks, take care!
seeker:Make sure you seek a couselor if needed.   I had to go for 6 months to get my head straight.
supporter:Thank you for the insight. If you ever feel down again thats good advice for yourself as well!

supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:Hi. How are you?
seeker:I’ve been better. Feeling somewhat down. 
supporter:I'm doing well. What is going on?
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. I'm here to listen if I can help. 
seeker:I’ve been stressed out lately. I recently lost my job. 
supporter:That is a very difficult situation. What has been stressing you out the most about losing your job?
seeker:The uncertainty I guess. Especially during these times, I’m not sure how soon I will be able to find a job. 
supporter:The uncertainty can cause a lot of anxiety. How have you been managing your anxiety?
seeker:I’ve been trying to keep busy. Exercising, reading and spending time with family. 
seeker:I’ve been looking for employment also. 
supporter:Those all sound like great strategies! Have you considered talking to your local job recruiter to assist you in your job search?
seeker:Not yet. I’m just going to collect unemployment and clear my head for awhile. 
seeker:I’m rethinking my career. 
supporter:Do you have a sense of what direction you are wanting to take your career?
seeker:I’m thinking of starting my own business, but anxious about not having a steady income at this point. 
seeker:Any suggestions?
supporter:I think it sounds like a great time to take a risk and try starting your own business. Maybe you can get a part-time job until you get your business off the ground. That way, you know you will have some income coming in. 
seeker:That’s not a bad idea. Right my unemployment check is enough, but who knows how long that will last. 
seeker:What do you think?
seeker:I think I will do some research and see what careers will fit me best. 
seeker:Do you have any suggestions?

supporter:Hello, how are you feeling?
seeker:Hello, I am fine at the moment, but I just have a general sense of nervousness as I am not looking forward to facing up to academic deadlines. 
seeker:And I have a few assignments and two exams coming up (all to be done at the end of this and the next month)
supporter:You're feeling nervous because you have a lot to do this month academics-wise and you're worried you won't be able to succeed. Am I correct?
seeker:Right, plus I am nervous because I am scared that I won't do as well as I would like under the constrained time and sporadic slacking off. Just that fear as impending deadlines come up. 
seeker:so I guess I need to feel hope and optimistic and renewed sense of wanting to work hard and do well. 
supporter:I know exactly how you're feeling. I felt the same way until I made myself follow a strict studying regimen which helped a lot.
seeker:I see. I am kind of doing that but I do get sidetracked from time to time. I get distracted by my computer and the TV, etc. It's on and off like that. I agree with you that I find that the method of following a schedule and regimen is useful to me. 
supporter:I think it's great you're taking steps to try to help yourself. With a little more focus, I think you'll be able to succeed!
seeker:And plus I find that when I drink coffee and become influenced by caffeine, I become euphoric and more focused for some reason, so that's one method I have used. 
seeker:Thank you for your trust in me. 
supporter:Yes, apparently caffeine helps increase focus, as long as you don't overdo it. 
seeker:I guess also on top of the fear, I also feel a sense of disappointment because I am and have been a conscientious person, someone mature and responsible.
seeker:true, very true. 
seeker:Like what also helps you? And can you elaborate on your strict regimen?
supporter:Yes, I can feel your disappointment in yourself just by speaking with you.
supporter:Yes, I can feel your disappointment in yourself just by speaking with you.
seeker:Thanks for sympathizing and understanding. 
supporter:of course! I find doing an hour of work at a time without looking at my phone is very valuable. 
supporter:You can set a timer on your computer and put your phone in another room or on the other side of the room to minimize temptation.
seeker:ok. That's true and I have to do more of that. Phone is also a big distraction for me. I heard that it's best to get it out of one's reach for best results. 
seeker:Timer, great idea. 
supporter:Yes, I struggled with focus but once I put my phone away, my focus increased a lot.
seeker:I think that's pretty good advice. I know which room I can do this, but just away from temptation plus having an alarm from the other room to go off after an hour or so of reading.
seeker:ok, I will employ these methods more. 
seeker:Thank you for sharing these.
supporter:Of course! Is anything else on your mind?
seeker:then hopefully after these two courses are done, I can have renewed faith and maturity after the new year and take new courses with better results. 
seeker:not much, just academic pressure and how to deal with time management and being contentious.  
supporter:yes, that sounds like a great idea. It sounds like you're really trying to help yourself grow.
seeker:Yes I hope so, because when I was younger, I used to be great at not being distracted so much in my studies and just bang it out real quick and well with my books
seeker:and all this is also worsened by the pandemic, I am afraid, of just not having a renewed from the indoor isolation. 
supporter:yes, it's true people begin to struggle with focus as they reach young adulthood.
supporter:I understand how you're feeling, COVID has affected me negatively as well but I'm just trying to look at the bright side.
seeker:yes it has on us all. I guess the other thing is that my city has been doing fine so far, but just the past two weeks or so has been more and more cases, so just getting stressed and depressed with that and prospects of a second shut down. 
seeker:so yes, the second wave is here it seems (belatedly), but hopefully it doesn't get worse, because I have seen worse in other places right now
supporter:Yes, I would suggest taking up yoga or meditation to lessen the stress COVID has on your brain.
seeker:so I suppose just trying to cope with that also because I get nervous having to go out for work or errands, and I also have to write my exam outside of my home. 
seeker:ok. I could look into that. I work out in general, but have been slacking off on those ever since the pandemic started this year. 
supporter:Yes, I'd recommend wearing a mask whenever you go out to lessen the chance of you contracting anything. At the moment, it's all we could do.
seeker:yes and I have been and will continue to do that. 
supporter:that's great!
seeker:But aside from these stressors, I think I have a better idea now on how I should proceed, starting today 
supporter:that's amazing, I'm glad I could help put your mind at ease.
seeker:not that I haven't, but just with more renewed faith and having fresh priorities in my head. 
seeker:yes thank you very much for listening and understanding with my issues. 
supporter:Of course, sometimes we all just need to talk to someone.
seeker:your input has been helpful and it does help for me to kind of vent out on what has been bothering me
seeker:yes so true. Thank you for that. 
supporter:of corurse!
seeker:alright then. I will continue my day from here then. Thanks again, and good luck with your endeavours!
supporter:Alright, please reach out if you need to talk again! Thank you so much!

supporter:Hello
supporter:How are you today?
seeker:hi 
seeker:feeling little depressed
supporter:I see you're feeling down today. What has you feeling that way?
seeker:my close friend's death makes me feel depressed
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. I've had someone close to be pass away recently and it can feel unbearable. 
supporter:What ways are you trying to cope with losing your friend?
seeker:yeah it dose
seeker:yes it does
seeker:I consequently felt so sad
seeker:and i can't get out from his thoughts
supporter:What kind of thoughts are you having?
seeker:i have the thoughts like he is still existed with me
supporter:You feel like he's still with you. There are experts that suggest the spirit lives on after death. 
seeker:and whenever im trying to sleep, i suddenly wake up in the middle
seeker:i dont know why i am so scared of these things.
seeker:but i became super alert all over the night
seeker:without sleeping
supporter:It sounds like you're afraid of the unknown. That can be be terrifying.
seeker:yeah, maybe
seeker:i think that he is sit before me and talk with me
seeker:sometimes laugh at me
supporter:Do you think he talks with you while you're sleeping?
seeker:i don't know, but i am so scared at night being alone in the room, where we share it before he died
supporter:Is there anyway possible, maybe you're dreaming? 
seeker:no im not dreaming at all
seeker:i suddenly feel nervous and sweating sometimes
supporter:Do you feel like you're being haunted? Do you think you're friend wants to harm you?
seeker:no i don't think he wants to harm me, rather he try to talk with me
supporter:I see. It may be difficult, but have you tried to put you're fear aside and listen to what he needs to tell you? 
supporter:I see you're deeply bothered by your friends death. I know it would be hard, but possibly try to remember your friend wouldn't hurt you and find what your friend wants to convey to you.
seeker:yeah i will
seeker:try
supporter:If you're able to receive the message  I hope you feel a little more peaceful.

supporter:Hi how are you today?
seeker:Hi, I'm stressed and anxious today 
supporter:Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. What's going on?
seeker:Just financial problems 
supporter:There's a lot of that going on these days, it can be rough. I know how you feel. Do you have any plans you want to put into play to solve the problem?
seeker:I'm attempting to sue money and pay off my debts and hopefully everything will get sorted out
seeker:save*
supporter:It seems like you've got some good plans in the making. So you're trying to save and reduce your debts as much as possible right?
seeker:Yes
supporter:That's great to hear. Do you have anyone close to you that can help you out in a bind?
seeker:My mom has helped loan me money to pay bills that are about to be cut off. Just a small bit though. It has helped a lot though
supporter:That's excellent! It's always great to have someone you can depend on. I feel like that gave you some relief.
seeker:It has for sure. Another thing that's bothered me is my dad passed away 3-almost 4 years ago. He was my rock and would help me out in any situation. 
seeker:So in hard times like I'm in right now, if he was still here I know he would help me.
supporter:Oh I'm so sorry to hear that. I bet that makes things tougher. I have no doubt you'll overcome these hurdles in due time. Nothing lasts forever, that includes bad times. 
seeker:Yes exactly, thank you :)
supporter:Are you working right now? And if so is the job secure and pay pretty well?
seeker:Yes, I am working right now. Thankfully it is secure and pays alright. My boyfriend lives with me and does side work. So he helps when he can. 
supporter:Oh that's good! I'm in the same situation. My job pays pretty well and my boyfriend helps. We're both working from home right now with everything going on. 
seeker:Yes, that's another reason Im on MTurk. Trying to make some extra! I wish I could find a part time job working from home.
seeker:I did work for the Census but its ended
supporter:Well I have no doubt everything will work out great for you, just keep your head up. It's been so nice talking to you, I hope I've been of some help.
seeker:I appreciate it! Thank you, its always nice to talk to someone. 

seeker:hi how are you
supporter:Hello. I am doing well. How are you feeling today?
seeker:my friend stood me up and i went alone on a trip she was to go with me. I eneded up flipping all the cost and she is bad mouthing me she stood me up because she was drunk she has a drinking problem
seeker:not good
seeker:since i told her that drinking is more important to her now she is talking bad about me but she is the one with the problem.
supporter:It sounds like you are very stressed out by the situation. 
supporter:Have you explained to her that her excessive drinking is causing problems?
seeker:yes but i am the bad one she turns everything around
supporter:Why is she turning everything around on you?
seeker:she is now also spreading mean rumors about me and dragging my daughter into this
seeker:I do not know why, maybe so she does not have to admit that she is wrong
seeker:she is like a narzisist
supporter:That sounds horrible especially that she is dragging your daughter into it.
seeker:Yes it is 
supporter:Could you suggest she talks about her issues with a specialist?
seeker:I have done that but she will not admit that she has issues, I hear that she falls of chairs in bars on a regular base.
seeker:so maybe it is good to not have contact with such an individual
supporter:That is good that you have suggested it to her already. Hopefully she will eventually realise.
seeker:yes
seeker:thanks for listening
supporter:Correct me if I am wrong, but were you meant to go on a trip somewhere with her?
seeker:yes i was I ended up going alone
supporter:How did you feel about going on the trip on your own?
supporter:Thank you for sharing your feelings with me today.

supporter:Hello, How can I help you today?
seeker:Hi, I have a situation which makes me very sad.
seeker:This is about my dad
seeker:He is an old fellow and alone so i made him move in with me.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you have a sad situation happening with your dad.
seeker:I take all responsibilities - including financial
seeker:But i find him very dry with his emotions. Today,i fell unwell and i wanted to go take a covid test. but, he just brushed it off saying, its a mild flu. 
seeker:He showed no emotions at all. 
seeker:or concern
supporter:That sounds like quite a challenge for you.  You seem to care so much.
seeker:He simply told me, its a waste of money to go get checked
seeker:I know that old people sometimes act childish. But his dry behaviour makes me very sad.
seeker:sometimes this leads to a fight
supporter:That must be hard to hear when you are trying so hard to do what's right.
supporter:I also am struggling to convince my father to stay away from crowds because of COVID.
seeker:Sometimes this behaviour of him leads to a fight. and i end up crying! 
seeker: Untop of it, i feel awful because i end up yelling at home too
seeker:Is it normal to yell at parents? 
seeker:My dad simply won't listen
seeker:Is it normal to have a fight with your parents?
supporter:I'm sorry you have to go through this.  
seeker:I feel guilty to fight with him
supporter:Perhaps you can take some time for yourself with a friend?
seeker:Do you suggest anything else?
seeker:Yes i could do that. But that won't resolve my issue
seeker:What do you suggest?
supporter:As my father is getting older, he is often frustrated.
supporter:It's harder to move, you have more aches and pains and this virus is scary.
seeker:How should i deal with him?
seeker:True that
supporter:Perhaps you could suggest him taking some deep breaths to calm down.
seeker:It's very hard to convince him of anything. He thinks he is always right. 
supporter:I understand as my father is the same way.  I often have to just hear him out and take time away in another room.
seeker:It's hard on me, because i have a child to look after too. And my dad keeps interfering in my parenting with my child.
supporter:Do you have any other family support who understands your position?
seeker:It's hard honestly. My spouse and me are separated. 
seeker:And i have a child who stays with me. 
supporter:Perhaps there is some support in your community?  I have a child with autism and my father doesn't understand the behaviors and is critical of my parenting too.  I often seek support from an autism group with parents in my position.  Perhaps there is a group of single parents you could gain support from?
seeker:I have a six year old child. Yes, maybe i would look for some support groups somewhere. 
seeker:Autistic child must be huge challenge i am sure
supporter:It sounds like you are really trying hard to do the best you can.  
seeker:Sometimes i suggest to my dad that he should seek therapy. But he won't listen at all. 
supporter:That must be frustrating that you try to have him seek therapy, but he doesn't want to follow your suggestions.
seeker:Yes, i would have joined a support group. But, this covid won't let me now. I have to be very careful since i have a child and dad at home. I step out only for necessities.
supporter:Do you think communicating in a different way like writing may help? Have you tried different ways to communicate?
seeker:It would be awkward since he is in the same house
seeker:But i could try sending a text message
seeker:That's a good advice
supporter:Do you think maybe some way of showing you care like making dinner or something encouraging him in a way he likes could help?
seeker:Yes, could work. I will try that.
seeker:Thanks for the advice
supporter:You are welcome.  I wish you well.  Have a good night.
seeker:You too.

seeker:I'm so worried about my child who has so much homework and despite studying all night still is struggling.  
supporter:Hello! How are you feeling today?
seeker:I'm a bit worried today and nervous.
supporter:You are a very good parent to care and worry. I get it, I am a mom myself! Is your child doing digital learning or in person?
seeker:It's actual a hybrid which is challenging.  2 days in school and 3 days at home.
supporter:I can see how that is challenging
supporter:Is it the same teacher for both? 
seeker:She has about 9 teachers and it's only 6th grade.
supporter:That has to be really frusterating not having just one teacher you can go to in order to see if there is anyway to help your child not struggle
seeker:I want to push her to keep working, but also want to give her a break from all the work.  There is so much homework for a little child.
supporter:Perhaps you can find out which classes your child struggles with and contact the teacher(s) or school to set up a conference? I know some schools even have peer tutors they say help pair students with! 
seeker:I'm thinking about tutoring possibly but being home and going to school it is so overwhelming already and to add tutoring to the list is another question for me.
supporter:My children are five and eight. My eight year old spent about ten hours doing digital learning the other day when in-perosn was closed. I was so frusterated. I let her pick a movie and snack when she was done to reward her for finishing. 
seeker:Yes, we've had some months worth of snacks!  Good thing for Burger King!  
supporter:Have you looked into any edulational or learning games?
supporter:There is nothing wrong with rewarding your child for doing good in school or getting thier work done! :) 
seeker:That is a good idea.  I wonder if they have one for vocabulary as that is the test tomorrow!  She says she loves them.
seeker:I'll have to look!
supporter:I have done that with my kids. Technology is such a huge part of children's lives these days, they will play a videogame in a heart beat. I don't think they even realize they are learning sometimes!
seeker:I have to do some research though and doing this x 3 kids is draining on top of work
supporter:check out the website adventure academy. They have things for all ages/grades! 
seeker:Thanks so much for all your help!  I'm feeling somewhat better and encouraged!
seeker:Have a good day!
supporter:I'm glad I could help! You too! 
seeker:Actually I have one more question
supporter:okay, what is it? 
seeker:Do you think I should feel guilty for making her study?
supporter:I think it is natural for a a parent to feel guilty when they are having thier child do something the child doesn't want to do. i think the benefits outweigh the negatives though. i think finding a way to make studying fun could be a win-win. you are a good parent for wanting the best for your child!
seeker:Great advice.  Thanks again.  Take care!
supporter:I think there should be more parents out there that care about their children and their children's future like you do. keep up the good work! 

seeker:Hi
supporter:Good afternoon, how are you doing today?
seeker:i am feeling ok, how about you
supporter:I am well thank you, how can I help you this afternoon?
seeker:I am feeling depressed
supporter:Oh no, I am so sorry you are feeling like this. What is bothering you?
seeker:trying to find a job during this covid time, it's really hard
supporter:Yes, it is very hard during this time and your feelings are valid. What are some ways that you have searched?
seeker:I am trying all the job sites, i am subscribed to them so i get emails every day. I am either unqualified or inexperienced
supporter:I understand. That will happen and it isnt anything personal. You have to stay positive. Do you have an updated resume?
seeker:Yes. i won't give up of course, but i am very anxious about bills and my rent. i am a single mother with 1 daughter
supporter:That is a blessing in itself, having a daughter and being a mom. I know you are a great mom! Have you tried some online courses that may give you a little more experience? 
seeker:No, money is a big issue. I have no extra for courses.
supporter:I totally understand that. There are some free courses online that can be used or perhaps going in person (staying as safe as possible) into your local food store, clothing  or pet store and having a chat with the manager
seeker:That is a good idea but I am very claustrophobic when i wear a mask (makes my anxiety go way up) even though I do wear the mask when i go out. I wish I could find more jobs to do from home, that is my dream. 
supporter:The masks make a lot of people claustrophobic so i know how you feel but the good thing is that you're wearing it and staying safe for you and your daughter. I feel like working from home is everyone's ideal dream job and those are out there as well, they may just take a little longer to find.
seeker:i know i am trying to stay positive, its just a struggle every day
supporter:Have you tried yoga exercises or meditation? That sometimes helps to clear and refresh the mind
seeker:I have tried a few meditation apps on my phone, i never know if i am doing it right
supporter:Thats ok as long as you try doing it, eventually you'll be perfect at it. Is that what you do when you're feeling down and out?
seeker:Thank you for chatting with me and for your great ideas and helpfulness, it made me feel better.
supporter:I am so happy to hear that. You are wonderful and you have a little person that needs you. Things are going to get better, just make sure you remember to stay positive
seeker:Thanks again, you stay safe too. :)
supporter:Thank you very much. You as well. Smile and have a wonderful day!

supporter:Hello, how can I help you today?
seeker:Hello, I am taking two courses online now that are nearing their end, one at the end of november, and one at the end of December. I guess I am just scared and stressed out about not doing well. 
supporter:I have been in that same situation before! I had the exact feelings you are! But after realizing how much I studied it helped me relax.
supporter:Have you talked to your teachers about your worrying?
seeker:I see. My problem right now is that due to the pandemic and having a lot of time to myself and getting restless, I tend to waste a lot of time doing other things, and procrastinating. So I am catching up and I know I can finish them, but just that I could have done better, so there's an element of guilt and shame involved because I am not happy with my actions on how I handled my studies. 
seeker:No, not yet. It's distance education so it's mostly me studying on my own time (each course runs at a max duration of six months), but I have reached out to them regarding some assignment and exam questions. 
seeker:But I do appreciating your sympathetic tone and that you've gone through this also. 
seeker:And also I go through things slower and things become more sluggish and not really motivated, whereas before I was faster and more productive and really interested in learning and trying to finish assignments etc as quick as I can, and not take the full 6 months of course deadline. 
supporter:From what I have seen, people who have noticed they are having issues tend to come out ahead! Its great that you are thinking about how to get through this.
supporter:I also get into slumps with being productive and motivation, I was told when that happens that I just need to take a step back and relax for a little bit.
seeker:I see. I do see a problem and just last week I kind of started to prioritize things and take things more seriously, as the deadlines wind down. I am a little behind schedule, but not severely. 
seeker:yes I do that too. I understand what you mean. The problem with me is I alternate with relaxation with studying too much, and blurring those lines too much. 
seeker:But yes, I have been going back on track since last week and hope it's not too late to catch up
supporter:That's really great! I bet you are closer than you think to finishing those deadlines.
seeker:the stress and panic of the last minute crunch has worked in the past for me in becoming more conscientious
seeker:Thank you. I appreciate your input so far. 
supporter:When you are usually in a last minute crunch, what do you do to get past it?
seeker:I really really try to focus and just put all distractions away. Drink coffee, sleep less, and just get it done with less distractions with only the outcome and goal on my mind. It usually works and I did that for example, yesterday. So most of my day at home yesterday was spent on studying, and not so much on other preoccupations.
supporter:I know some people look for tutors, or others taking the same classes for inputs on work that has to be turned in.
supporter:Is there an easy way for you to put the other preoccupations to the side so they are not so distracting?
seeker:yes I understand that too. I tend to be more solitary in nature. For me, I talk to my friend for help, a really close friend for advice and my troubles. But most of the time, I get through these logistical and existential problems myself. Not so much that I don't know how to do them or understand the courses or how to do the assignments, but just help on time management and organization. 
seeker:yes I can do that. 
supporter:Thats good! I bet that would help out a lot, that tends to be the case for me!
seeker:It's harder now though because I am just trapped at home, and plus a lot of my course materials are on the internet and on my laptop (distance education), and so I need to kind of focus on not clicking other stuff (including this website, etc). 
seeker:yeah that's good to hear but I think you asking these questions does make me focus more on what questions I need to ask myself
seeker:like can I put this stuff away, etc.
supporter:Thats good, research has shown that moving our distractions to the side allows us to focus more on the task at hand!
seeker:Also, with being at home all the time, time is warped for me, such that time passes really fast even though it's been many hours. And I then realize the time wasted, etc, just some observations. 
seeker:ok, will do. 
seeker:I think our conversation so far has been fruitful in that I have a better idea on what my priorities ought to be. 
seeker:In fact, me chatting with you right now is just because I am on a self-imposed break, and not a diversion. 
supporter:I am glad to hear that! I bet you can get those deadlines finished no problem.
seeker:sure. I will do that and I hope you're right. 
seeker:like passing, I could, but at the same time I don't want to just pass the courses barely. I am not a terrible student, but just disappointed because I ought to know and do better. 
seeker:But yes, I think I am ready to take on the challenge and burden again and thanks a lot
supporter:I am glad I was able to help, You got this, I bet you don't have this issue again.
seeker:for reassuring and pointing out certain things for me. 
seeker:thank you. I really appreciate your help and understanding, even though we just met. 
seeker:Alright, I think I am good to go then, but your input is much appreciated
supporter:Well thank you! Let me know if you need help with anything else!
seeker:no this is something I have to take on from here. But thank you very much for everything!
seeker:Have a good day then!
supporter:You as well!
seeker:thanks

supporter:Hello there how can I help?
seeker:I'm feeling so worried about the COVID-19 crisis.
supporter:So you feel anxiety about this whole COVID-19 epidemic?
seeker:Yes, I'm particularly worried about my parents. One is on oxygen at night, but he still doesn't want to listen about not going in crowds.
supporter:Oh well I understand your concern then.  As a son or daughter it is certainly reasonable to be concerned about your parents especially as they grow older.  I have a similar situation with my own mother.
seeker:I just don't know what more to do.
supporter:Well first of all, you have to take care of yourself because if you don't you can't help them.  So just take a moment to close your eyes and take some deep breaths and realize you stressing is probably going to make them stress.
seeker:That is helpful information.  What can I tell them?
supporter:Well if you can get some concrete info such as from the CDC and John Hopkins showing case counts in your area.  Show them graphs so they can visually see the impact.  Also if you can get a hold of their doctor yourself, see if you can convince them to give your parents a call, say to check on them and give them some advice.
seeker:That sounds like a good plan.  Is there anything else I can do to decrease the anxiety for me?
supporter:Don't get absorbed in the numbers, it can drive you crazy.  Also if you are using social media like twitter and getting inundated with info, remember a lot of it is fake.  I would suggest limiting exposure for a little while just to get you fixed a little bit, if that makes sense. 
seeker:Do you think there are some good social media sites that could help?
supporter:Not particularly social media because it open to everyone, just pick and choose where you choose to get info from.  The CDC is a great resource as well as the John Hopkins site which has been tracking since the beginning.   Everybody has a couple of news outlets they trust, use those.
seeker:How can I cope with limiting my visits with my parents because I am afraid to spread COVID?
supporter:First of all you are not alone.  but don't let them see you anxious for sure.  You can also show them if they can how to do video visits.  You can do that all the time, even phone calls every day.  It means a lot.
seeker:That makes sense.  I appreciate the suggestions.  How can I show them the kids care too?
supporter:Nothing will make grandparents smile more than seeing their grandkids on a video call.  If you don't want to bring them when you physically visit have them record themselves on your phone as an example.
seeker:Maybe I can send them some pictures too.  Nothing like a great big hug, but for now some video chats and pictures or recordings may help.  I'm starting to feel a little more relief.
supporter:Of course.  I don't know if they dressed up for Halloween, but see if they want to dress up and take some pictures for grandma.  Pictures and voice and video are wonderful in these times.
seeker:Thank you so much for helping.  I think I can use your advice.  Take care and have a great day!  
supporter:You too, I hope I helped.  Take care!

seeker:Hello?
supporter:hello. how have you been feeling lately?
seeker:Tired
seeker:I want to sleep all my problems away 
supporter:how long has this been going on?
seeker:Well the boyfriend for awhile the other thing for a day or two
seeker:I got a hold of a therapist but they won't talk to me for two days
supporter:that's very good that you are going to talk to a therapist.  you showed great strength by reaching out.
seeker:I am hoping it helps because I feel helpless, especially today and on edge
supporter:have you been sleeping mostly during the day, or at night?
seeker:I can't sleep through the day because I have kids but when my ex gets home I just go hide and try to sleep so it's typically late afternoon
supporter:it sounds like you are doing the very best you can under difficult circumstances.  you should feel very proud about that.
seeker:thank you
seeker:i feel very tired tho. i feel like i want every day to go by faster. the relationship i am in is a long distance relationship and i am supposed to go home to see him in ten days and i just want them to be over. 
supporter:it sounds to me that your sleep issue is really weighing on your mind.  you may be setting yourself up for sleep issues by thinking about this so much. is that possible?
seeker:yes it may be. i'm not sure. i sometimes wake up panicking.
supporter:you're under a lot of pressure.  it's only natural that you would feel overwhelmed.  dont be hard on yourself.  you're doing the best you can.
seeker:thank you. that is very supportive
seeker:i just dont know how to make the next ten days go by faster
supporter:perhaps you can spend some time doing pleasant things.  it is true that time seems to go fast when we're having fun.
seeker:that's true. i thought about maybe playing video games 
supporter:fantastic! that's a great way to spend your time.
seeker:maybe overwatch
seeker:i haven't been playing them much
supporter:i'm wondering: are you a reader? do you enjoy reading? i'm asking because i find when i read a good book, time seems to move very quickly.
seeker:i am. but i have a hard time focusing as of late.
supporter:perhaps you can make a goal of reading a few pages and then see if you can build on that.  then,if you want, you can make a goal of reading a chapter.
seeker:that's a great idea. that may help a lot with focus.
supporter:personally i love reading; especially non fiction. what type of books do you enjoy?
seeker:dystopian fantasy style books. and also historical nonfiction.
supporter:i enjoy historical non fiction very  much.  do you have any favorite authors?
seeker:lauren destefano
seeker:her series the chemical garden trilogy is my favorite
supporter:has she written anything you haven't read yet that you think you would enjoy?
seeker:that's also another good idea. i haven't read all of her bookis  
supporter:do you live near a library?
seeker:i do but they're closed because of covid
supporter: there may be some libraries in your area that are open, or have reduced hours.
seeker:i can try
seeker:the bookstores are open
supporter:wonderful! do you live near a book store?
seeker:sorta but not that close but i can take the bus out there
supporter:you can call the store and see if they have anything written by your favorite author.
seeker:that's a great idea
supporter:getting back to the sleep issue, have you considered thinking some pleasant thoughts before going to bed? 
seeker:i try but i get too stresed
supporter:i can understand that.  the stress is interfering with your thoughts but you are still doing a good job. you are doing the best you can do; that's the best anyone can do.
seeker:thank you. that's true. 
supporter:i'd like to offer a suggestion.  please try, as best as you can, NOT to think about the sleep issue.  millions of people have sleep issues. you are not alone.  try thinking about other things, and if your mind comes back to the sleep problem, try thinking about something else.
seeker:thank you i will take that advcie
supporter:and make sure you are not hard on yourself.  you're getting by. you're hanging in there.  you are doing well under the circumstances.

seeker:Hello
seeker:Anyone there?
supporter:Hello there. How are you doing today?
seeker:Oh hello. I'm doing okay.
seeker:How are you?
supporter:I am well thanks, what can I help you with today?
seeker:I came here because I am feeling quite hopeless. Life seems bleak. I feel as though there is nothing to live for and I will never be happy
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. I understand, things can be tough sometimes. 
seeker:I don't know how to be happy
seeker:What do I do
seeker:Ok
supporter:Have you reached out to people who may be feeling the same? I know that has helped me when I have felt down. It is not easy, I know, but sometimes taking a small step can make all the difference
seeker:I don't like to bother people who are feeling the same way. I don't want to be a burden on them
supporter:I understand. Do you want to tell me more about what has been on your mind?
seeker:Sure. Everyday feels pointless. I wake up, do nothing, go back to sleep. Even when I do things it still feels pointless. I feel like life is meaningless and I would be better off dead. 
seeker:I want to be happy, but I feel like I can never be happy. If I can never be happy, then what's the point of being alive?
supporter:I really do understand. It is very strong and brave of you to speak up. I have suffered depression myself in the past and one thing that truly helped was going to see my doctor and talking it though with him. He suggested medication and after some trial and error I found one that worked. You must be so strong to have dealt with the way you are feeling for so long. Please know there is help out there. I know from experience. You are a person of worth.
seeker:Oh my gosh you are an amazing person
seeker:Thank you
supporter:That is very kind of you to say.

supporter:Hello I am here to help you, what's your problem?
seeker:I have a licensure exam coming up that I must pass at a 90% score. I have dealt with test anxiety all my life (mind goes blank, difficulty concentrating with noise) and I have to take my exam in a testing center around other people next week. I am extra worried due to COVID. This is a 6 hour exam - what are ways I can calm myself at the exam and succeed?
supporter:First of all, you can bring some snacks and water. having an empty stomach will distract you from the exam
seeker:If you were about to take the most important test of your life (ha!) what would you suggest I do to organize my review the days before the exam? Do you have any study suggestions that have worked for you?
supporter:I have been in that situation many times. From my own experience, yes you should review as much as you can. However, relax the last 2-3 days to not overwhelm yourself. You should also do image training, imagine yourself in the test room, plan ahead what you will do like write your name, open the exam booklet...
seeker:You give good advice, how have you grown into a calm, cool person? :) What obstacles did you have to overcome to get to this level of chill? 
supporter:It takes alot to grow into that kind of person, I'm not there yet. I find it vital to understand this, you cannot control everything. As long as you try your best, whatever the outcomes are, they all serve a purpose. When one door closes, the others will open
seeker:That is really helpful advice. I think part of my problem is that I still think I can control every detail and need to learn to let things happen once the ball is in motion. For an exam, I want to do so well because so much is riding on it and that freezes me into trying to control for all outcomes... when really, I can only control myself.
supporter:You are right, I also want to be in control of my life. However, as I grow older, I realize that is impossible. Whenever you feel stressed over life issues, I would recommend taking a walk in the park or anywhere with a lot of trees to clear you mind
seeker:I will definitely arrive early to the test center and walk the campus before going in. Get enough to eat beforehand and bring my snacks so I can focus just on the exam. I'm writing all of this down so I don't forget. It is a shame we can't save the chat.
seeker:Thank you for being my peer-supporter, today. You have been a huge help!
supporter:sounds like a great plan, i believe you will do well
supporter:Is there anything I can help you with?
seeker:Do you have any ideas on what I should about sanitizing my workstation at the exam center? I will be around other people and someone will have used my computer before me. I don't think they are cleaning the stations before the next user.
supporter:Buy some alcohol wipe, you can find it at the grocery store, make sure to come in early enough to do that
seeker:Alright. I think the proctors will allow it as long as I don't have a bulky bag with me. Maybe some I can just slip into my pocket. Anything too fussy might be cause for them thinking I am bringing answers in with me. I don't have much else to ask about, these were my main concerns.
supporter:I believe they sell individual packs of 10 wipes too.Good lick with your exam!~
seeker:Thanks to your help, I believe I will do well next week. :) 
seeker:Maybe you should be a counselor, if you aren't already. :)
supporter:I would love to do that, I like talking with people and listen to their stories

seeker:Hi,
supporter:Hello, how are you doing?
seeker:Hello.. I'm good.. Thank you.. How are you?
supporter:I am okay. Windy day here
seeker:ok. I wanted to talk about the highly anxious and nervous situation I was in some time back.
supporter:Please tell me about it
seeker:It was due to my work environment. I was given a responsibility, which I wanted to produce good results. So, I ended up working too much time for several months and ignored everything else, including my health.
seeker:This alienated me from my friends and family
seeker:Because of that time period, to this day, I'm not as close as I once used to be with my friends
supporter:I had that tendency too, work was very important to me, sometimes to the detriment of my relationships. Tell me more about the lack of closeness. What's different?
seeker:yes. I miss out on key moments and I felt left out.
supporter:Is there any way to speak to them directly about how you feel about that time... tell them what your feeling. People who care for you can be very understanding
seeker:hmm yes..
seeker:I agree. 
supporter:You don't have to make a big deal about it but I have found that a low key discussion can change things for the better
seeker:yes. And I will be happy to make more time for friends and family as well.
supporter:Plus at least you will have stated how you feel and no matter the outcome you can feel like it's been addressed
seeker:yes. 
supporter:I have found that if something has been bothering me, just dealing with it somehow will make me feel better and enable me to get on with the good aspects of my life
seeker:True. I feel like I should try that.
supporter:Good luck. A friend of mine used to say "action alleviates anxiety" and Ive found that helpful
seeker:True. This really helped. Thanks for your time.
supporter:You're welcome

supporter:Hello, How are you feeling today?
seeker:sad and lonely
supporter:I see you are feeling sad and lonely, is there anything going on right now to enhance those feelings?
seeker:The election and COVID are making it worse.
supporter:There is a lot going on right now, but i see you said its making it worse. What may be the root cause?
seeker:I have no one to share my deepest feelings with at this moment. 
supporter:I understand having it seem like there is no one to talk to. I am here and there are others. I believe you can find an outlet to share.
seeker:Where do you suggest I look? 
supporter:I would first start to try and feel connected. There are many online forums, that perhaps you can join in on things that interest you
seeker:How about local groups? How do I find someone with like minds?
supporter:Local, and safe, meetings are a good start as well. Have you tried looking for any online local spots? Or in a local news paper? Its great you are coming up with ideas already.
seeker:I really like to play tennis. That may be a good spot. Have you tried Tinder or Match?
supporter:Those are more for a quicker deeper connection. I would try to cast a broad net. Maybe with Meetup or Nextdoor. 
seeker:What is Nextdoor?
supporter:It is an app to get you connected to your local community and neighbors.
seeker:That sounds great. Does it have special sections for specific groups?
supporter:I believe it does have subsections but it is more of a general hang out for neighbors to keep up with each other.
seeker:That's cool. I should check it out. I feel like a book club would help. Do you like books?
supporter:I do love books. They are a great way to get connected with yourself and enhance your creative side! I bet you could find a local book club on one of those apps.
seeker:For sure. Books are great. You have been very helpful. What's you first name so I can thank you properly?
supporter:Rachel, and no need to thank me! Being able to help is the greatest reward!
seeker:Thank you Rachel. Best of luck to you. I'm going to end it now.
supporter:I wish you the best as well!

supporter:Hi, How are you today?
seeker:I'm not good today. Not good at all. 
supporter:I'm here to listen, Tell me about it
seeker:I feel extremely scared. Honestly, I felt relief when he left. That he finally did the thing both of us were scared to do. But I was with him for so long. I grew up with him. I don't know how to live by myself. 
supporter:Why do you think you find yourselves in this situation?
seeker:Because he was my life. I spent every waking second with him. He cleaned the things I couldn't. He did the things I couldn't do. I have to basically re-learn how to live by myself again. It's really scary, you know?
supporter:I can understand your feelings right now, It's hard to ignore all those memories and moments
supporter:What bothers you the most? living alone or not having him?
seeker:It really is. I don't know how to go on. I've never been through a breakup like this before. I'm scared I'll never be able to find someone else or even think about dating anyone else. 
seeker:Probably living alone and being on my own. 
seeker:I don't really miss him honestly. I miss the comfort of having someone take care of me. We fell out of love awhile ago.
supporter:Hmm, First of all stop being scared
supporter:You can do it on your own
supporter:I know that's scary for you, but what's the meaning of life without being scared and have our feelings?
seeker:That's very true. I have to think about the future. I can do it on my own. I just have to think...this is the worst it'll ever be.
supporter:But you should start to take control over your feelings at first, you are the boss and you give the orders!
supporter:Slowly but surely you find yourself in a better mood
supporter:You said you felt relieved, and that's an opportunity
seeker:I will try. If anything, I can find myself through this instead of relying on another person. 
seeker:Definitely an opportunity. 
seeker:Thank you for hearing me and making me feel better about everything. 
supporter:You are free now, Do what makes you happyYou and only you can underestimate yourself, stop doing it
seeker:That's great advice. thank you so much.
supporter:Don't you think anybody have ever experienced this?They did and they took control, so you can do it too
seeker:That's very true, I'm not alone.
supporter:I hope you feel better now and DECIDE to alter things, tomorrow is a new day
seeker:You've made me feel a million times better, thank you so much. 
seeker:Tomorrow is a new day.
supporter:And don't worry, life is full of surprises, maybe you find love one day
seeker:You're right. I will.
supporter:If there is anything else I can help you with
seeker:No there is not. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me today
supporter:Thank you for sharing your feelings with me, Good luck with your future endeavours
supporter:Bye
seeker:Goodbye

seeker:i am unsure if my marriage will work
seeker:we fight and argue all the time and don't get along
supporter:when did you start having these feelings?
seeker:about 3 months ago
supporter:is there something specific that began around that time?
seeker:i lost my job due to covid and my husband had to get another job while i stayed home with my son for school online. 
supporter:That is a difficult and trying situation during unprecedented times. This is a temporary situation that will improve in time.
seeker:im not sure about that but i pray it will. thank you
supporter:No one ever could have imagined that this would be how we are having to do things.
seeker:yes its crazy but i am praying my way though it all
supporter:have you considered discussing your feelings with your husband?
seeker:i have but i feel like he does not care enough to change 
supporter:I have done a lot of soul searching over the past months and i found small changes in my perspective helped diffuse my stress. I set aside some time to talk to friends and we all share some laughs and some tears and it truly helps. 
seeker:that is a really good idea. i could especially use some laughs during this time. thank you for that advice
seeker:you have been helpful
seeker:god bless you 
supporter:There is no need to thank me. you  are doing what many are trying to do. I pray it all works out for you and your family.
seeker:thank you so much. its been a very rough year. its like things just keep happening and i have no control
supporter:Please consider trying to reconnect with your husband. Simple little kindnesses do so much for the spirit.
seeker:yes i can try and do that. i admit i have not been that nice to him recently 
supporter:Every day is a fresh start. kindness from you will be returned. 
seeker:i like that. today is a fresh start and a new day
supporter:Friends, family and faith are what keep us grounded. It sounds like you have all of those. Please remember that each is there to support you.

supporter:Hello! How are you doing?
seeker:im ok kinda stressed
supporter:Anything I can help with :) ?
supporter:Feeling stressed is never fun :(
supporter:What has been making you feel stressed?
seeker:im feeling very overwhelmed and cant get anything done cause i dont know where to start!
seeker:i want to declutter my house but dont know where to start
supporter:I hear you, feeling overwhelmed and like you don't know where to start can leave a person feeling stressd forsure! 
supporter:Decluttering sounds like a great idea! 
supporter:Sometimes taking baby steps is a good place to start! 
seeker:but there are so many thinggs to do and ideas i have
supporter:Of course! It can feel so stressful when we have all these little things we want to do but don't know where to start! 
seeker:should i start in one room or one group of things and collect them from all the rooms?
supporter:What is one little area that maybe seems easier to start with?
supporter:Yeah, that's a great idea! 
seeker:well i seem to start and them i end up jumoing to another thing!
seeker:jumping
supporter:Hey, well that's okay! starting is half the battle, so that's an accomplishment right there! 
seeker:thanx that helps cause i start feeling defeated
supporter:have you tried maybe using a timer or making a list to help keep you focused on decluttering one area at a time?
supporter:Of course! It's easy to be hard on ourselves, but just the fact that you are trying is so important!
seeker:u know what i bought a timer and it came in today!hopefully it will help!
supporter:Oh awesome! I am so glad! Maybe trying that out could be useful! 
seeker:i have no type of supportin my life and it really does effect me
seeker:thanx for all your positively
supporter:Having no support is so hard :( Especially during these times! 
seeker:im gonna start again tomorrow with more faith in myself
supporter:Of course! Do you feel like you have people that you could reach out to if you start getting lonely? 
seeker:u really helped my negitivity
supporter:That's a great idea! Just remember to be kind to yourself and take breaks when you need to! 
supporter:Aw, I'm glad! 
seeker:ur awesome
supporter:So are you! Best of luck with everything okay? You got this! Anything else I can help with?
seeker:nope im going to bed
supporter:Sounds good! Get some good rest and I wish you luck with everything! 
seeker:are u still there
seeker:do you think making lists are a good idea
supporter:Yes! Making lists can be a great idea and help organize some thoughts and ideas you have in your head
seeker:ok just wanted your opinion.thanx
supporter:Of course! anything else I can help with? 
seeker:now im done goodnite!
supporter:Awesome! Goodnight! 

supporter:Good evening. 
seeker:hello, goodevening
supporter:How are you tonight?
seeker:I'm feeling unwell, because I've been wanting to stop drinking but here I am with another glass
seeker:Its so hard to stop
seeker:I just to have a day without having any alcohol you know
supporter:So just to make sure I understand, you are having issues with your amount of drinking and are struggling to stop?
seeker:Yes thats the issue
supporter:Is there anything specific that is causing the drinking?
seeker:When I feel down or just when I feel bored I want a drink
seeker:But when I'm drinking with others I can't stop till I'm completely wasted
supporter:Just from chatting with you I can tell you are very disappointed and upset about this.
supporter:I also used to struggle with the amount of drinking that I used to do.
seeker:Yeah. I want to lessen and then stop eventually
seeker:How did you overcome it? Is it hard?
supporter:One thing I did was talked to my family about it and also spent a lot more time on my hobbies that didn't include any drinking at all. 
seeker:Anything I should do when I suddenly get the urge to drink?
supporter:That was when I would focus on another hobby of mine, in my case I would either pick up a book and read or work on model cars
seeker:That's great. I love reading maybe I should immerse myself to it again and have soda water instead
supporter:Yes, I definitely think that will help!
seeker:Thank you for sharing that
seeker:I hope I can improve as well
supporter:I know it is not an easy thing to do, but you are gonna do great!
seeker:Yes, I sure hope so. Thank you
seeker:have a good day!
supporter:You as well!

supporter:Hi, How are you?
seeker:I am the youngest of 5 siblings and I feel all most days now because of my parents
supporter:It sounds like you're having a hard time feeling like you have your parents' attention, is that right?
seeker:Not their attention, but more on their expectations on me
supporter:That sounds frustrating, I'm sorry
supporter:Do they do or say anything specific that makes you feel those expectations?
seeker:Yes, its more on comparing me to the children of their friends. They always say why don't I have a better job or even plans on marrying rich. Stuff like that is very frustrating
seeker:They also expect me to take care of them financially soon, I'm just starting my adult life I want to enjoy it
supporter:That sounds very frustrating. I think if I felt those kind of expectations I would be anxious.
supporter:Do you feel comfortable talking to them about your feelings?
seeker:I do feel anxious every time. 
seeker:I tried a couple of times, but my mom always sees it as being too sensitive
supporter:Sometimes it can feel impossible to talk to parents
seeker:I know, is it better if I stay away for awhile? since taking to them won't make sense?
supporter:I think that it can be very healthy to get some distance, but I think it can also feel difficult -- do you have good friends in your life that you could lean on if you needed some distance from your parents?
seeker:Yes, I do. They actually helped me coped up. I always think that I wasn't blessed with my family, but I'm blessed with good friends
supporter:Good friends can be a huge comfort and it sounds like you're a good friends yourself if you have those kinds of friendships
seeker:Thinking about it, they really did help a lot. So I should really distance myself for a while right?
supporter:I think if making distance helps you feel better, you deserve and have a right to that space
seeker:Yes, thank you. I really need to that. 
supporter:You're welcome
supporter:It sounds like you are making healthy and careful emotional decisions 
supporter:Is there anything else you want to discuss about your parents?

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling at the moment? 
seeker:Well, not totally terrible, but sad. 
supporter:I am sorry to hear that but I am happy to listen. What would you like to talk about? 
seeker:I used to be really driven to succeed at things. After I graduated college and tried jobs that lasted 1-2 years each at most before I was fired, I gave up believing in most of my abilities to succeed in the workforce
supporter:Okay, well, let's take this one thing at a time. What would you say the main reason you were fired was? 
seeker:Now, even during the pandemic, I have no drive to re-enter the workforce and my family thankfully isn't pushing me to get a job, but I often doubt my self worth because I haven't felt successful at long term goals in a few years
supporter:I understand how it feels to feel you are not doing as well as you might. I work in the gig economy and enjoy it but it's not what I'd intended to do with my life. 
seeker:Well, the last company I worked at, we were all fired....because the landlord raised the rent so hire on my boss the owner, he couldn't afford to stay there, pre-pandemic
supporter:Hmph that does not sound at all cool but it can hardly be considered your fault. 
seeker:In fact most of the jobs I've had, the companies have been sold. In retrospect it's easy for me to realize I should have gone to more stable companies that weren't eventually sold
seeker:Also I suffer from what Google seems to call imposter syndrome
supporter:It's a very unstable time unfortunately - even highly reputable companies seem to be in trouble. 
supporter:Ah I have heard of that. You do not think that you are good enough? 
seeker:Well, I haven't felt the desire I used to feel before the pandemic to go get a new job because I felt burned out working in retail for minimum wage 
supporter:I hear you. It's a demoralising sector to work in, for sure. What would you like to do, if you had your choice? 
seeker:I used to do a lot of charity work as a side hobby to help other people, and sadly, the pandemic kind of spotlit how many of us are struggling and broke, so it didn't exactly feel proper asking to help other peopole in wheelchairs like myself who I'd raise money for to go to adaptive summer camp (kids and adults) - this'll be the 2nd summer in a row where camp is virtual
seeker:I never wanted to be paid for that charity work btw
supporter:I know that :) You seem like a good person. 
supporter:I think that the pandemic has had a negative impact on virtually everyone. It's been a very strange 15 months, for sure.
seeker:I wanted to finish writing my autobiography as a poetry book, and slowly, over the last two to three years, I began doubting myself and stopped writing because it seems like the entire American population is so easily upset and makes everything political
supporter:Well, you could still finish it just for your own sake? It would be something worthwhile to look back on later.
seeker:I think I WILL eventually follow through with the book....I have to get over the fear of Twitter hating my personal experience even if they dosagree woth me
supporter:I would stay away from twitter .. it 's very toxic. 
seeker:It sure would be, I mean, before the Trump era 5 years ago, I just wanted my dad and sister to have something they could share with future relatives 50 years from now about me nstead of a sad three paragraph obituary 
supporter:I don't think I'd even get two paragraphs to be honest. But keep writing it, don't give up. 
seeker:Twitter is the worst, I left there in 2017 I think, and that was a good move. Sadly, everyone seems to be divided on every platform these days. Again, it SEEMS that way even if it really isn't
seeker:You're right. It's my own fears that ultimately I have to conquer
supporter:I think people just have more of a platform to vent and feel that they can be hateful because no-one can see them. 
supporter:Anyway it has been nice to talk to you .. I hope I have been able to help you! 
seeker:Because let's say I did die (heaven forbid) sometime soon.....I would feel heartbroken taking my last breath knowing that I didn't tell the world what I lived
seeker:Thanks for your advice / listening. Really appreciated it
supporter:You're very welcome :) Can you press the quit button first, I can't this end :) 
seeker:Oh, sorry, lol.....sure thing

seeker:HI
supporter:hi there, how are you feeling at the moment? 
seeker:Im feeling okay, just thinking about my anxiety
supporter:Ah I hear you, I suffer from that really badly too. Do you want to talk about it? 
seeker:Yes, i would love too. 
supporter:Well, could you give me a little bit of background .. are you seeking help for it for instance? 
seeker: Im not sure when my anxiety started but its like I have a hard time sleeping at night or it feel like i cant breath its very scary so its like i have panic attacks.
supporter:Ah yes I know how that feels. Has anyone ever taught you any relaxation techniques? 
seeker:That feels so scary. Sometimes I stay up till the morning because I hate the feeling. And I haven't found any.... Do you have some in mind 
supporter:Well, there are some breathing techniques that you could practice .. they can be quite helpful 
seeker:Thanks I will try. I have tried this app called calm also
supporter:Ah how did you find that? Is it useful? 
supporter:Would you consider  taking some sort of medication? 
seeker:Not really.... Then its like i hate being in crowds, it makes me very anxious. 
supporter:Yes I do too. I try to avoid other people as much as possible :( 
seeker:RIght I thought I was the only one. 
supporter:No it's surprisingly common. It can lead to a condition called agoraphobia, in which people are reluctant to go far from home 
seeker:That's how I feel. I have a boyfriend and we have a very close relationship but its like when I get around a crowd of people I get anxious.
supporter:*nods understandingly* Sometimes I feel that my boyfriend is the only person I feel totally comfortable with. I hate interacting with other people. That's why I do crowd work lol 
seeker:LOL yes. I feel like I'm anti social sometimes 
supporter:I don't think it's really anti social, it's just a result of a chemical imbalance I think. But it's a nuisance.
supporter:I hope I have been able to provide you with some help and let you know that you are not on your own in this! Can you be the first to press the quit button and then take the survey as I can't do it from my end :) 
seeker:thank you for talking to me
supporter:you're most welcome and all the best 
seeker:you too
supporter:you need to press quit :) 

supporter:Hello there, how are you doing today? 
seeker:I am doing well. My marijuana consumption today has been less than what it has been for the last week.
supporter:Well that is good. Are you trying to come off it completely? 
seeker:Absolutely not. I'm not even in California yet, where I know my usage will explode. It's just difficult managing the realities of quarantine with the effects of the marijuana
supporter:Well, do you worry about your consumption? If you don't I don't see it as a problem :) 
seeker:Yes, because of the financial strain it places on me and my wife, who is also a regular user.
supporter:Ah yes, it is not cheap. I am not sure how much to suggest as it's not legal in my country :) 
seeker:It was recently legalized in our state. My wife and I were actually one of the first people in line to buy it legally last year, before the pandemic. It is a major part of our lives.
supporter:I am in the UK. It's sort of a grey area ... police won't really do anything but you can't buy it over the counter
seeker:One of the best things about legalization has been the expurgation of criminal records for incarcerated people jailed on marijuana charges. I'm very grateful that these atrocities have been rectified at least partially.
supporter:Yes I would be too. Even twenty five years ago in my student days it was rare for anyone to be prosecuted for pot.  The US seems to be really strict on it tho 
seeker:It varies, state by state, depending on which party is governing. Which you of course have a version of in the UK. Mayoral elections were today yeah?
supporter:They were but I didn't pay much attention :) I vote in the Generals and the locals but that's all .
seeker:Oh, well, I'm sorry to hear that. I think participation in local governance is actually the most achievable path for change, but perhaps how it's structured where you are, it wouldn't really matter much if you participated.
seeker:I guess mayorals are only technically local, not like parliamentary elections
supporter:If I were in London or a major city I'd vote for Mayor. I am in a rural area and we don't have one :D. I vote for local councillors tho 
seeker:Oh, I take it to mean that you are anti-Khan? If you feel like you'd need to vote for mayor in London
supporter:I like Khan :) 
seeker:Jeremy Corbyn, no surrender?
supporter:I like him too lol. 
seeker:You sound like someone I'd like to smoke a spliff withIn a moderated manner of course, in relevance to the topic I opened with
supporter:But I don't get to vote for London mayor. Only if I were a London resident or nearby would I (sorry for tortured syntax)
seeker:Prescriptive grammar is fascism, use whatever words in whatever order you like
seeker:Ironic given that I just watched My Fair Lady the other day
supporter:Haha I don't indulge these days, except for once in a blue moon :P 
seeker:You've got those weird drug shops in the UK, with synthetics and all that
supporter:Not where I am :( All we have here is sheep and cows. 
seeker:Let me guess - north/eastern UK?
supporter:North West but close :) 
seeker:I have a slightly deeper knowledge of the UK than most Americans. I binged Derry Girls in 2 days so my expertise is almost professorial here
supporter:haha! 
supporter:I am not touching that one :) 
seeker:It's a good series but yeah if you don't skew younger demographic wise I could see why you'd avoid it.
seeker:You more of a Last Tango In Halifax type?
seeker:Don't even watch the Circle?
seeker:Only Connect?
supporter:I don't think Derry people would like being referred to as part of the UK ;) 
seeker:True that
seeker:But, you know
seeker:Legally
supporter:yeah ... heh I don't go there, being half English and half Irish :). But yeah that was so my era ..
seeker:I hope one day your people find liberationI think you have helped me a lot with my marijuana problem
supporter:Anyway nice to meet you and all that but I think we have sort of fulfilled the criteria :D 
seeker:Yes, have a wonderful evening!
seeker:Goodbye
supporter:you too! Can you press quit first cos I can't from this end for some reason :) 

supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:hello too. Am not so fine 
supporter:Oh?  What's happening?
seeker:Am worried about my alcohol consumption rate in the recent past. I have been trying to tame the habit but when i xkip the session i develop more cravings and drink more than before
supporter:I see, can you explain what session you skip?
seeker:session i mean when i skip a few days say three days 
supporter:So it sounds like you are worried you are drinking too much, and that after a few days of not drinking, you end up even drinking more than usual, am I right?
seeker:yes that is it 
supporter:My daughter has addictions and Alcoholics Anonymous is helping her stay clean, she told me
supporter:Have you looked into Alcoholics Anonymous?  They have meetings on Zoom you can attend.
seeker:what is that?
supporter:It's a self help program run by and for people who have alcohol addiction.
seeker:Ooh, i havent tried it before. sounds a nice idea 
supporter:I can see that it would be discouraging and worrisome to you if it seems like you go one step forward and then two backward.
supporter:Have you spoken to a professional about your alcohol consumption?  In my city, for example, we have a community organization that helps people with alcohol or drug addiction.
seeker:sure.  that is my worry as well. virtual meeting  may not be of great help as such
supporter:Well my daughter had no choice, she started going during the pandemic, and many of the meetings have gone virtual.   She tells me there are still some in person meetings though, perhaps you can check the AA website for your local information.
seeker:i visited some time befor but he transfered before i had progressed and felt discouraged looking for another one since they are not many in our city
supporter:I see.  I wonder if it might be worth trying again.   I think getting help is a sign of strength.   Perhaps an addiction counsellor can help you break free.
supporter:I know in my own life I have had some problems that were too big to deal with by myself.  I had to find help.   It's not a sign of weakness, it's a strength.
seeker:yes i too believe so but now my tight work schedule and close friends are somehow inhibiting factors and i havent got opne in our city yet
supporter:I think it's great you are AWARE you have a problem, that's the most important and often the hardest first step, and you have accomplished that.
supporter:Are your friends drinking with you?   Do they know you are trying to drink less?
supporter:I can understand that being busy can be a barrier, but you are WORTH making time for.
seeker:yes they know but apparently they drag me into drinkin unknowingly 
supporter:My daughter had to find new friends to stay away from the drugs...she has made some good friends at AA
supporter:I know when I quit smoking I had to stay away from my smoking friends for a while until I felt strong enough to be around it.
seeker:Wow. that`s nice of her. i really think i should do something over this. kindly give me options to explore considering my barriers at hand 
supporter:Well lets se we've talked about AA, finding an addiction counsellor, and spending time away from your dr\inking friends for a while, you can explain to them why.  If they can't support you in your efforts, are they being good friends to you?
supporter:Maybe you could also do an internet search to find out what services are available in your city or town
supporter:I know for me, I have had to put my mental health first.  I've had mental health challenges.   And without my health I have nothing, so it's #1 priority for me.   Perhaps giving up alcohol can become your #1 priority.
seeker:wow. i am grateful first for making me aware of asupport systemfrom where i can find friends with a common goal coz this was my major concern considering my busy work schedule. Thankyou much for reminding me to also get to my first steps of finding a counsellor. these are worthy steps to explore. thank you so much
supporter:you are very welcome it's been a pleasure speaking with you.  I know you can get through this and achieve your goal
seeker:i now feel confident to start off my quitiing journey. nice time 
supporter::)  That's so good to hear you say.
supporter:Was there anything else?

supporter:Hello, how are you feeling?
seeker:Tired, very tired!! 
supporter:Oh?  How come so tired?
seeker:Because I can't sleep... I don't know what's wrong with me I just lay there awake for hours!
supporter:Oh I have had trouble sleeping before!   Would you like to know what helped me?
seeker:Yes please, I'm desperate, I'll try anything!
supporter:First of all, fixed sleep and wake times.   If you toss and turn for hours, still get up at the same time.   Eventually your body will tire and sleeping will naturally become easier.
seeker:I have to always get up for work so I am sticking to the same routines, I just lie in bed with so many thoughts racing around my head and I just can't get off to sleep
supporter:Second thing I do is I have a wind down routine.   No work past a certain time, no matter what.   Only soft music, pleasant movie, some light reading, and dim the lights.   It slows your body down before sleep.  It will help slow that racing thoughts you are having.
seeker:I did try reading a book last night, but I don't really have lights that I can dim, it's just the one bright light in our room.
supporter:I have had racing thoughts and it used to drive me up the wall!
supporter:Can you buy a lamp?  Even a second hand one if your budget is tight?
seeker:Yeah, it's just so annoying and then I'm so tired and irritable the next day, I find myself snapping at everyone.
supporter:The bright light will keep your mind stimulated.
seeker:I could buy a lamp I suppose, to see if it helps? But when I am awake all night it's in the dark so I'm not sure if the light is the problem>
supporter:Aw so you are so exhausted from racing thoughts and not enough sleep the night before that you end up taking it out on others, but not meaning to.  Am I understanding correctly?
supporter:Do you get any exercise?  I sleep better on days I go for walks, and my sedentary days I sleep worse, it's quite clear to me.
seeker:I have been trying to do lots of walks, I need to lose weight as well so they kind of go hand in hand!
seeker:I do also have back pain so that's another thing that doesn't help!
supporter:Good effort, keep it up!
supporter:Back pain, I know all about that too unfortunately.  How is your mattress?
seeker:Yeah it's a pretty good mattress, but it is a few years old now, I'm not sure how often you're supposed to replace them?
supporter:Hmm I can't recall, I can't afford to replace mine regularly enough lol.  Maybe google it?
seeker:Yeah maybe, at this point it's worth looking into anything that could help!
supporter:Do you have someone to talk to about the thoughts that are racing? 
supporter:If they are worries, maybe a counsellor would help.
seeker:Not really, I don't really have any friends and my boyfriends a bit weird about stuff like this, I can't really talk to him about things like this.
seeker:Yeah maybe, I have been considering a counsellor myself.
supporter:Hmm that's a challenge not having friends.   Have been there too!   
seeker:And I don't know how to go about finding new ones! I don't think I'm someone people like to be friends with, I try to make friends but they always move on.
supporter:I don't want to give you a huge barrage of suggestions but another thing that helps me is a podcast called Tracks to Relax.
seeker:Sounds interesting, I'll have to look it up!
supporter:Well maybe you just haven't met the right people yet.  It takes time finding someone we click with
seeker:That's true, maybe they weren't meant to be my friends. Anyway, thank you so much for your help but I have to shoot off.
supporter:It's probably not you!   When people drift away from me I always say to myself "Oh well, their loss!"
supporter:you're welcome bye and i hope things improve soon.  You WILL get through this!
seeker:Thank you for your support :-) 
supporter:My pleasure, I've enjoyed talking with you.

supporter:Hello, Good day to you 
seeker:Hi
supporter:Is there something you wish to discuss today? 
seeker:Yes, I am experiencing a lot of depression lately due to my weight and my boyfriend
supporter:If i am to understand you are having troubles with your weight and this is effecting your relationship ? 
seeker:Yes
supporter:I to have experienced troubles with my weight, if can be a very troubling issue to deal with. 
seeker:thank you for udnerstanding
supporter:Could I ask if you are currently participating in any activities or diets to manage your weight ? 
seeker:I am dieting but I mainly just avoid food and eat once a day. I am on depression medication which also reduces my appetite and I drink a lot of coffee to help surpress my appetite. 
seeker:I usually only eat dinner and a small snack
supporter:Research has shown that if you eat at regular meal times the body can regulate your weight better. The trick is to consume less than you use in a day. To manage this its better to eat your recommended daily amount then exercise so you are using up excess energy 
seeker:I know but I am just so unmotivated. Sometimes I wish I could lose all the weight and then start the good habits to maintain 
supporter:Yes it is a difficult challenge. 
supporter:Have you looked in to local support groups which can help you with motivation? 
seeker:Not really - I do follow a lot of vegan and health groups on Reddit
seeker:I do eat about 1200 calories a day which I know is the bare miniumum but I have noticed a difference. I just need to start exercising more. 
supporter:Thats good, I would suggest that you either join a local group or sign up to a online one. Maybe try one that includes meal plans for the week, support chat group that can motivate you. 
seeker:Yes that seems like a good idea thank you
supporter:Exercise is key to weight loss, maybe go for walks with your boyfriend. this will also give you time with him. 
seeker:That is actually a very good idea - we have a puppy and he is struggling with weight gain too 
seeker:I definitely feel that we should start doing that
supporter:depending on the dog breed then puppy will need upto multiple walks a day. So its a great time to start walking then you can move up to a run 
seeker:That;s true she is a pug but she loves to run - I do miss running I used to run fairly frequently
seeker:I am just struggling since I have broke metatarsals on both feet in a year - it's been a hard recovery
supporter:I feel we have come up with some good ideas to work on over the next coming weeks. Is there thing else you would like to discuss ?
seeker:No I think that is good. I feel like I have come to a good realization. I know my ways are unhealthythank you very much
supporter:SOrry to hear that. Have you received the proper medical care for your injuries ? 
seeker:Yes I did 
seeker:I couldn't walk for 3 month total and then had to wear a boot for another 6 months
supporter:Great, i wish you a good afternoon and hope the best for you with all your ambitions 
seeker:thank you!!
supporter:Good bye 

supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:good, how are you doing?
supporter:All's well with me thank you :)
supporter:Was there something you'd like to talk about?  I'm ready to listen.
seeker:have some issues on life matters !!
supporter:Oh?  Would like you to tell me what's happening?
seeker:I'm afraid of what happens to my carrier because of this COVID?
supporter:What sort of carrier? 
seeker:IT!!
supporter:Or did you mean to say career
seeker:Sorry!! yes it career!!
supporter:And what is it you are afraid may happen, can you explain more please?
supporter:It is scary knowing our livelihood is at risk, I can understand that.
seeker:COVID affected me my financial status and have more debts
supporter:I see, I have been in a lot of debt before and remember how stressful that was
supporter:What sort of work do you do?   Are you at risk of getting laid off?
seeker:Its not permanent.
seeker:Thanks for listening to my problems.
supporter:I see.  So the future is unknown, that can be scary for sure.  
supporter:You're welcome
supporter:Have you started looking for your next job?
seeker:Yes.
supporter:Perhaps planning ahead will help you feel more of a sense of control, if that's possible to do.
seeker:I'm  looking forward to start a own business.
seeker:Yes i hope so. i'll start planning
supporter:Oh that's exciting!  What sort of business? 
supporter:It's very liberating being your own boss.  I used to have a small housecleaning business.  I loved being in charge of my own destiny.
seeker:small scale business like taking up projects from outsourcing.
supporter:What sort of projects?   What field do you work in?
seeker:Information technology.
supporter:I have a small business centre in my city that was very helpful when I was starting up.  I wonder if you have that in your city.
supporter:What a great field to be in, so many opportunities.
seeker:Yes i would like to search it in my place. Thank you for the information
seeker:Yes.
supporter:You're welcome :)  Whereabouts do you live?  I'm in Canada.
seeker:I'm in West Virginia USA
seeker:Thank you it helped talking to you.
supporter:Oh I'm glad, it was a pleasure speaking with you.   I wish you all the best in your venture.   I have faith you will get through this.

seeker:Hello
seeker:I have been having a hard time falling asleep at night.
supporter:hello how are you?
seeker:doing well. hope you are.
supporter:thanks I'm fine , can you explain why you can't sleep
seeker:Not sure. I am sleepy, I lie down and then I feel wide awake thinking about the next day.
supporter:try to make yourself relax and then try to sleep. don't think about next day
seeker:That is easier said than done. I try not to think of the next day every night, but thoughts just pop in my head.
supporter:did you ever try yoga?
seeker:I do like yoga. It helps me stay relaxed through the day but I still seem to worry once I lie don.
seeker:down
supporter:try to read something boring novel it will help you in sleep
supporter:before sleeping
seeker:Should I read fiction or nonfiction
supporter:I think nonfiction
seeker:Ok. Do you have any topics you think would be a good place to start?
supporter:because same thing happen with me and i try it help me a lot
seeker:Ok
seeker:I will try reading. If it doesnt help, what else should I try?
supporter:which topic is boring for you chose that one
seeker:that's a good idea
seeker:what is another option to help me fall asleep
supporter:try to go for running out side and make yourself busy in gym
seeker:Getting more exerices is always a good idea. Maybe it would help clear my mind.
supporter:make yourself busy in other activity it will help you
seeker:Do you have any hobbies you suggest?
supporter:yes i like reading ,music , play games
seeker:What are your favorite games to try
supporter:what is your hobbies?
seeker:I enjoy reading and doing crafts. I would like to add something new to help
supporter:i like to pay fortnight 
supporter:that's good
seeker:I do like video games
seeker:Thank you for your help today
supporter:which one you like?
supporter:Your welcome
seeker:minecraft
supporter:Thanks for sharing your thoughts 

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello how are you
seeker:I am ok
seeker:HOw are you
supporter:Why are just ok?  Is there anything specific you would like to talk about?
seeker:I'm worried that transitioning to full time work will harm my relationship
supporter:You seem quite concerned about this new chapter in your life.  How will your employment hours affect your relationship?
supporter:I recognize that this is a challenging topic for you to discuss.  Is the idea of spending time away from your partner concern you?
supporter:I too had to relearn a proper balance between my personal and professional life.  
seeker:She is worried we won't have time for each other but also expects me to support her
supporter:It is wonderful to feel that sense of desire and need. You need to make your personal happiness your top priority. I recognize the responsibly you are taking on, and I believe you are capable to  balance between the two.
seeker:I would hope that getting the job would show my willingness to support her.
supporter:Are you the aggressor in getting more hours, or have your work assignments and responsibilities that have changed? It is important to maintain self happiness and to aspire to make yourself your number one each and every day.
seeker:I want to get a good paying job so I can live somewhere better
supporter:I can relate. In my younger years, my end goal was to advance in life emotionally, mentally and physically.  I always longed for a home to call my own.  With time, patience, and dedication, you too will have you desires met.  
seeker:It is a matter of finding a balance on the way there. She loves me but has trouble believing me because I've been rolled over by the pandemic so many times.
supporter:It has been proven that the best way to find balance and harmony is to always look forward to the potential in your future.  It is very apparent you are a dedicated and loyal partner and that will show itself in time.  We all have had to take two steps back in order to take one step forward due to this pandemic.  The fact that you are aware of potential issues down the road and have proactively reached out to discuss this shows myself (as well as yourself) that you need to continue to focus on your goals and in time your partners happiness will naturally come out.
seeker:I feel like I have reached the point that reassurance can bring me and need to take action.
supporter:Make sure you stay well rested as sleep can improve your positive energy.  Stay hydrated and nourish your body well as keeping your body in tune with a strong and focused mind does the body and soul good. 
supporter:Do you feel that you are in a healthy place to deal with your recent life changes?
supporter:You stated earlier that you have reached a point of reassurance and I want you to free comfortable with all the tools you will need to move forward.
supporter:**feel**
seeker:I am trying to get healthier.
supporter:It is healthy that your recognize your need to be healthier.  Outside of the items discussed earlier, do you feel that there are other means to find  your self satisfaction?  
supporter:Taking a peaceful stroll is very good for you as well as taking small breaks such as this to reflect 

supporter:Hi, can I help you today? Do you have anything you would like to share with me?
seeker:Yes, in my adolescense I suffered from bullying. I consider 
seeker:great impact in my life
supporter:I hear you saying that you are feeling hurt and made to feel bad by other people, does that sound right?
seeker:yes
supporter:Has this been happening to you for a long time?
seeker:It happened in my teens, but it still impacts me
supporter:You are a very strong person for reaching out and expressing your feelings. You have a lot to be proud of!
seeker:They were very harsh, with me.. just like my parents
supporter:You were put in a very difficult situation with multiple people. I can imagine that you have been so stressed out from the pressure of people hurting you.
seeker:Thats how it is... what do you think i should do to overcome it?
supporter:I had this same problem in school and as I grew up I learned how to speak up and defend myself when people were rude and mean to me. I was my own advocate and you are also being your own by reaching out today and being so strong.
seeker:What did they tell you?
supporter:I was told that I was overweight by others. I was able to defend myself by saying that I am a good person with a good heart and they are not important to me and neither are their opinions. I became more confident in myself. Have you ever wrote your feelings down in a journal?
seeker:I think we suffer  the same
seeker:I have never written my feelings
supporter:Yes, I agree. A lot of research shows that when we write down our positive attributes we reaffirm our belief in ourselves. Listing the things are are good at can help give you more self confidence.
seeker:Good, thanks
supporter:You're welcome, some people express themselves through email and can help to communicate your feelings to someone.
supporter:Thank you for sharing with me today.
seeker:i would like to, i like to vent 
seeker:Are you a Psychologist?
supporter:You have done a great job explaining how you are feeling and how you've been hurt, thank you.
seeker:Thanks you, for listening 
supporter:You're welcome!
supporter:If that is all that I can do for you today kindly end and finish. Bye, for now and have a great day.

seeker:My youngest is my hardest
supporter:Hello how are you?
seeker:I am well. Hope you are.
supporter:yes I'm fine thank you , how is your day today?
seeker:good
supporter:how can i help you?
seeker:As I said above, my youngest son is difficult.
seeker:He does not like to share.
supporter:oh! did you try to make friendship with him?
seeker:He does not like to share with his older brother.
supporter:If you make friendship with him then i think he will share with you everything.
seeker:I see. What should I do when he does not share.
supporter:try to give him more time 
supporter:he need your time
seeker:Should he have a punishment for not sharing?
supporter:I think punishment is not correct solution ,give him more time .
supporter:then he will share his problem with you
seeker:Ok. What should I do when his brother asks to play with the soccer ball?
supporter:first make yourself relax and then you will be able to solve the problem
supporter:your health is more important for them
seeker:Yes, but I need to figure out how to help my son share.
supporter:did he has friends?
seeker:Yes
seeker:He does not share well with them either.
supporter:oh ! take him to watch movies and play games with him try to make yourself close to him
seeker:Should I have him practice sharing with me
supporter:yes i think it will work
seeker:So, should I ask to use his soccer ball
supporter:yes try i think it will work and try to play games with him whatever he like
seeker:Thank you for your suggestions
supporter:yes i do these things with my kids and they are my best friend
seeker:That is very encouraging.
supporter:your welcome
supporter:Thanks

supporter:Hi there, how are things with you right now? 
seeker:Hi, well to be honest I'm struggling a bit right now. I keep turning to beer when I'm feeling really down.
supporter:Ah I hear you - I think that there is a lot of that going around during this pandemic. Did you ever have a problem before? 
seeker:No, this all actually started about 3-6 months after the pandemic really hit and things shut down.
supporter:It has been horrendous hasn't it? Have you been able to at least speak to your doctor, even if you could not see them in person? 
seeker:Yes! So horrible! And yeah, I have a therapist I see once every two weeks. Although that only helps so much.
supporter:It might be time to get some more help? Do you think it is bad enough that you might need inpatient treatment? 
seeker:No, I'm not quite that bad off. It's sort of a mix of too many rough things. My wife and I are separating right now, I'm in the middle of a PhD program and living far from home, and covid really made it more challenging. I think it's a bit more circumstantial.
supporter:It sounds like you have had a really hard time the last eighteen months. As the lockdown is easing, are there any new pastimes you could get involved in that might distract you? 
seeker:Well, I am starting to hang out with friends more and establish weekly traditions like poker night. So that's definitely helping. The more I can be around others the easier it is for sure. I'm wondering how bad it is to turn to alcohol when I'm in pain.
supporter:Poker night does sound like something that might involve a lot of alcohol though :( 
seeker:Haha, yeah maybe I should have specified that this is typically booze free. Sometimes we split a 12-pack among the 6 of us, but that's the wildest of nights. Engineers make for good sober poker night buddies :)
supporter:LOL well I am glad to hear that at least. Splitting a twelve pack between six does not seem like a problem to me 
seeker:Yeah, I figure 2 beers over 4 hours is not a big deal every once in a while. I just really hope we start opening back up and people get vaccinated. Although, maybe that is just masking some underlying problem, huh?
supporter:That is possible as well and it is definitely worth talking to someone, I think, just in case 
seeker:Yeah, that's a good idea. What do you turn to when you are struggling in life?
supporter:Well beer, to be perfectly honest :D 
supporter:Anyway I hope that I can have been of assistance :) 
seeker:Hahaha, good so I'm not the only one! I think if it's not over the top and getting in the way of the functioning of my life then that's a good sign.
seeker:Yes, thank you. This has been helpful!
supporter:Just remember that it can get worse pretty quickly so it's best to talk to someone :) can you press quit first and take the survey? I can't at this end 

supporter:Hey there, what's going on today?
seeker:Hello. It is a fine day, how about yourself?
supporter:It really is! I am just taking in the fresh air in the backyard. 
seeker:That is awesome.
supporter:Thanks! What is going on in your neck of the woods? 
seeker:Sort of stuck inside trying to make a dime but it is alright.
supporter:Yeah great minds think alike.. do you do anything else for work? 
seeker:Looking for a good job right now.
seeker:I wanted to talk about a personal issue I have been having, though.
supporter:Okay, you know I'm here for you. Talk to me, what's happening? 
seeker:My father and I had a fight 2 years ago and haven't spoke since.
supporter:The same happened to me, and then my father passed away. If there is anything I can say, is to swallow pride and cherish the moments you have on earth together. What was the fight over?
seeker:Yeah I am afraid that these things can happen. It was only over material things.
supporter:That was my next question, what the fight was over. Do you think he would be open to mending things? 
seeker:It is weird because I called him out for being manipulative so this is his defense. 
supporter:Usually when people feel singled out, they only have a few mechanisms. Unfortunately, most people tend to run away instead of fixing things. It tends to be the easier option. 
seeker:I would likely take advantage of an opportunity to be the bigger person.
supporter:When you try to fix things, just remember that this is his method. I wouldn't hold back on what you have to say, but just word it so that he doesn't feel the need to flee. 
seeker:That is probably decent advice.
supporter:It is HIS responsibility as a parent to want to fix things, but you are also being the bigger person here. I applaud you and hope that he is receptive. 
seeker:I hope so too, but the opportunity seems tenuous 
supporter:How did you guys leave it? 
seeker:Threatening and disparagement haha
supporter:Ha, well after two years, feelings had to have changed. Even a little. Does he live nearby?
seeker:Yeah someday. I think I will have to try you know. THanks for the advice.

supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:Hey, I've been having a really rough day.
seeker:My mom and I got into an argument
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that, what's happening?
supporter:How bad was the argument?  What was it about?
seeker:She got pretty upset when I took off my shower head without telling her. Somehow, we ended up arguing about how I don't respect her.
supporter:Do you think there is any truth to what she is saying?
supporter:Family conflict can be very upsetting, I have it in my family sometimes.
seeker:Maybe. I don't particularly like her and that she maybe picks up on that. But I feel like that's the underlying issue and the shower head argument is just a coverup for her real feelings.
seeker:It's really upsetting. We have "peaceful" moments before we're arguing again
supporter:I see.   Do you live together?
seeker:Yes
supporter:That does sound upsetting.   So how do you two make peace generally, or do you have silences between you?
seeker:I guess it's less peace and more like silence
supporter:So what helps you deal with it?  I have found journaling so helpful when I have personal conflicts.  It helps to get things in perspective, and to vent to a peice of paper
supporter:Actually I journal on my computer, and don't save it :)
seeker:I've written some of our arguments down before, but it's too painful to look at now.
supporter:Thath's why I don't save my journal entries, too painful
seeker:I used to talk to friends about it, but idk, it all feels empty now.
supporter:Do you have a counselor you can speak with about how to deal with the conflicts?   Maybe he/she could arrange a family meeting
seeker:I get that. It's hard to look at them. I'm not sure what to do to cope. Lately, my coping skills haven't been all to healthy
supporter:I did that with my husband when we were fighting, having a counselor in the room helped us gain insight.
seeker:I have a psychiatrist and I'm trying to figure out how to pay for a therapy currently. I know some offer sliding scale options
supporter:Exercise is helpful for burning off anger, a good long walk... Oh you must be in US?
seeker:Yeah, I'm in the U.S. I used to go on walks and exercise at night. It really helps me sleep.
seeker:Maybe I can start doing that again
supporter:I think that would be great!   A good way to burn off frustration and improve physical health at the same time.
seeker:I always fall out of it! Any advice for making a steady habit out of it?
supporter:You will get through this....it sounds like you two need to have some good talks to address these conflicts....together the two of you may be able to sort it out.   On a day when things are calm, not during an argument.
supporter:Yes I do!   I used to procrastinate walking....then I got myself a walking partner
seeker:That sounds great! I've been wanting a workout partner, I think a friend of mines wants one too...
supporter:We are accountable to each other.   We both need to walk for our mental health, we have mental health issues
seeker:How'd you find one?
supporter:Hey that would be great if you two could be accountable to each other
seeker:And yeah, we do need to talk, I just feel conflicted because I ask if it would help anything or should I just move out and move on?
supporter:My neighbour and I were chatting about how we are not motivated to walk but want to walk, so we made a plan
supporter:Well....only one way to find that out....and and challenging as it may seem it could be, it's a less drastic step than moving
supporter:If you both want it to work, it will
seeker:That sounds nice. My friend just likes being in shape ig, so it works out. We both have kinda hectic, unsupportive families.
supporter:Well I hope you two can talk it out.
seeker:Yeah, that's a good point. It takes time, but I'm trying to learn to when to give more effort and when to pull away.
seeker:Me too. Thanks for talking to me.
supporter:oh it's been a pleasure speaking with you, you're very welcome
supporter:I wish you all the best, you will get through this :)
seeker:Thank you so much. I hope we both can continue to work on being happy and healthy
supporter: :) we will

supporter:Hello, how is your day going?
seeker:Hello and Nice to meet you. I am doing OK. How are you and thank you for your time
seeker:My name is Jim
supporter:Nice to meet you Jim, I am doing well. Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?
seeker:I really appreciate your timeYes
supporter:What is on your mind?
seeker:I have been retired for over 2 years and would like to return to the workforce, part-time
supporter:So you are thinking of going back to work?
seeker:Yes, It would help us greatly
supporter:You have the right idea already.
seeker:There are plenty of jobs and not sure where to start.
supporter:I'm sure you will find something suitable if you keep trying.
seeker:Thanks What do you mean?
seeker:Yeah, I know this but I don't feel it. 
supporter:You may feel a little apprehensive to get started
seeker:Yeah, I am. I know I can do it. Not sure where to start.
supporter:I have been in the same position before and came out successful in the end.
seeker:Wow, That's great. How did you start? 
supporter:I just decided.
seeker:What gave you the strength to go forward?
seeker:I have this nervousness about getting rejected. 
supporter:Doing little things every day
seeker:So, keep myself busy and try to ignore my nervousness?
supporter:Really adds up and helps to get the big picture moving.
seeker:OK, so with, well, kinf0f like baby steps....right
supporter:It is about making small adjustments to feed a good habit.
seeker:Build up my confidence and not take things personally
supporter:Building it in to your daily life will make you feel accomplished 
seeker:Yeah, so true
supporter:THis really helped me to get going in the past
seeker:I have a few ideas and go with my strength's and abilities that I have already been successful in the past
supporter:You will find those things that you know you want
seeker:Yeah, I like it. I guess I needed to just chat with someone and listen to myself.
supporter:Always beleive in yourself!
seeker:True, that is what my wonderful Wife tells me and that God has a plan for me. Thanks
supporter:You are welcome and everybody is rooting for you.
seeker:That's really true, Need to stop feeling sorry for myself.
seeker:Thank you. This has been helpful
supporter:Start doing things and they will grow friend
seeker:Yes, they will. Thank you. 
seeker:This is good. Take care and God bless. TY
supporter:You are welcome and best of wishes.
supporter:Take care, bless yall
seeker:You, too.
supporter:You can end the chat safely now

supporter:Hi , can I help you today? Would you like to share anything?
seeker:yes
supporter:Do you have anything specific on your mind?
seeker:My wife is having medical issues and is unable to help me
supporter:Oh, it seems like you are feeling alone, is that correct?
seeker:I need help on so many things
supporter:Do you have a list of things in any order? 
seeker:The support of my wife has become very clear to me
supporter:That sounds very difficult for you and great job reaching out here today.
seeker:I am not lonely, just needing a way to be independent.
supporter:I can telling that you are very worried but also very capable because you have taking the time to search for some support.
seeker:W@ould like to know what to do to be more independent.
supporter:Well, I used to feel the same way and I would take the time to call a close friend and spend time with my dogs everyday. Is that something you could do too?
seeker:Support in the community is not evident, would like to find associations.
seeker:What would you do.
supporter:That is very forward thinking and a great idea. A local church group can often support you.
seeker:Travel is a problem for Church involvement.
supporter:I understand, I have noticed that people who reach our for help as you have will attract people to them. Have you looked into an online church community?
seeker:There are issues with people at church.
supporter:Yes, I agree that it is hard to find people who can help and not cause more harm. Online communities on reddit have specialized groups for people with your situation too. 
seeker:Need support that is meaningful and compasionate.
supporter:Yes, I agree. Having time to sit down and write out your thoughts and feelings can sometimes help too. Maybe you can journal your feelings this week.
seeker:I will keep looking. there has got to be help.
supporter:Yes, you have started your journey today and I am very proud of you expressing and identifying your problems. Great first step.
seeker:The need to continuen is clear, something has got to be available.
supporter:Yes, please use writing to list your feelings and problems this week and check back with us regularly. We are happy to help and always here for you. Thank you very much. 
seeker:Things like appointments are required, how do you get to them?
supporter:You can reach out anytime or day and we will assist you.
seeker:Thanks for your help. You have good suggestions.
supporter:You're welcome, Bye.
seeker:Bye
supporter:If you don't need anything else, you can kindly, end and finish for today. Thanks.

supporter:Hello, how are you?
seeker:I'm ok.  How are you?
supporter:I am good. What is on your mind?
seeker:I have had little motivation to get out of bed and go to work lately.
supporter:Seems like it has been hard to get motivated.
seeker:Yes, do you have any advice to help me?
supporter:A lot of people experience this struggle. You are able to overcome this and you will find happiness. 
seeker:Thank you.  I really would like to get my motivation back
supporter:You had it in the past, it is just a matter of bringing it back.
seeker:Yes, with some hard work, I'm certain it can return.  Do you do anything to keep yourself motivated?
supporter:I have found that accomplishing small tasks makes good momentum.
seeker:That is a good advice
seeker:I will start to focus on smaller tasks first
supporter:It helps to get things moving and becomes a good habit.
seeker:Yes, sometimes it is hard to just get into that groove
supporter:Getting yourself to bed and waking up at a good time will help too.
seeker:Yes, I am not very good at getting good night rests
supporter:Make sure to cease intake of caffeine at least 6 hours before you want to go to bed.
seeker:Should I stop playing on my mobile device as well?
supporter:True. The blue light emitted tricks your body in to thinking that it wants to be alert still.
seeker:I will try and stop using it right before bed then.
supporter:I think that taking care of your basic needs like eating and sleeping will help in other aspects of life. 
seeker:i think that is great advice and I will start there!
supporter:You will do great.
seeker:Thank you, I appreciate your time.  I hope you have a great day.
supporter:Thanks and I hope you do too! 
seeker:Thank you!

supporter:Hi, how are you doing?
seeker:I'm fine and how are you ?
supporter:I'm doing well. Did you have anything you wanted to talk about?
supporter:I'm doing well. Did you have anything you wanted to talk about?
seeker:Yes I am problems with sleeping.
seeker:*having
supporter:Is getting a good night's sleep becoming an issue?
supporter:Is getting a good night's sleep becoming an issue?
seeker:Yes very much so 
supporter:Tons of people deal with this on many levels.
seeker:Yes I understand 
supporter:I can feel that this affects you in a negative way.
supporter:I can feel that this affects you in a negative way.
seeker:Yes
supporter:I have had issues in the past personally with sleep. Many of my friends too.
supporter:I have had issues in the past personally with sleep. Many of my friends too.
seeker:I just don't know what to do anymore it's even affecting my work b/c I dont get any sleep 
supporter:There are a lot of things out there to try and get your sleep pattern in better shape.
supporter:There are a lot of things out there to try and get your sleep pattern in better shape.
seeker:Yes and I have tried many 
supporter:What about valerian root or other herbs?
supporter:What about valerian root or other herbs?
seeker:I never thought of that I will definitely give it a try 
supporter:You could also try adjusting your diet and eating habits. 
seeker:Thank you for all of your help , this is greatly appreciated. 
seeker:I never thought of using the herbs I will give this a try soon 
supporter:You are welcome
supporter:You are welcome
seeker:Hello are you still there?
supporter:You can also try reducing caffeine intake 6 hours before bed.
seeker:Oh that is great I drink coffee an hour before bed on some days 
supporter:As you know this can keep your brain stimulated and prevent you from going to sleep.
seeker:I didn't know that 
supporter:I used to drink too much coffee and I was tired all day but could never sleep right.
supporter:I used to drink too much coffee and I was tired all day but could never sleep right.
seeker:thanks for the info
supporter:Anything else I can help with?
supporter:Anything else I can help with?

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:I am just a little angry. My mother and I had another blow-up.
supporter:Is your bit of anger sparked from the interaction with your mother?
seeker:It is why I am angry. This occurs at least every other day. I say something harmless and she thinks I am saying it in a way that is rude or something.
supporter:I bet you can figure out a way to communicate better.
seeker:I do not know for sure where to start. If I try to tell her that is not what I mean it is like she doesn't understand?
supporter:It is hard to feel misunderstood.
seeker:For example today I was just saying I like the food she had cooked us for supper. She took that to mean I never liked the food she made before. She says I do not appreciate her and I should be grateful to have her.
supporter:It sounds like you are doing your best to be nice but it isn't getting through.
seeker:Maybe it was the way she was brought up that she is so sensitive.
supporter:Everybody has stuff from their past that affects them.
seeker:But they should not take how they feel on others right? But I know I have to be understanding.
supporter:You should be understanding, especially since you already know this.
seeker:Can you relate to this situation?
supporter:I have had personal disputes with my parents in the past. Most of the time there's other things going on that makes a person act different.
seeker:Maybe I could just take deep breath and kind of step back a minute before I respond.
supporter:It would be good to do that. Maybe try to have a conversation and tell her you support her no matter what she's going through.
seeker:I guess the best time to do that was when she is in a very good mood.
supporter:Do some chores or something that helps her out and just let her know you want to have a serious talk some time.
seeker:But what if she thinks me helping her out is criticizing the way she does things? That seems like the way she would be.
supporter:Try giving reassurance that you want to show you care.
seeker:I will try this. It is worth a shot. We can't go through life being upset at each other.
supporter:I feel the same way. I hope you can get things on better terms.
seeker:I appreciated the help. I was just so upset. I didn't want to talk to anyone in our family and have them take sides or make them uncomfortable.
supporter:Maybe you can set a better example about being open.
seeker:I will try to say things that don't sound confrontational from now on.
supporter:I believe in you.
seeker:Thank you for the believing in me. Thank you for your help.
supporter:You are welcome, best wishes.

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling? 
seeker:it could be better, right?
supporter:It always could, alas. Is there anything specific you'd like to talk about though? 
seeker:thanks for asking, sure. It has been a while since I lost my house.. so depressed living with a sibling.
supporter:Ah I am so sorry. It's been so hard during the pandemic hasn't it? Are you working right now? 
seeker:Only part time
supporter:Is there any chance of increasing your hours? What is your relationship with your sibling like? 
seeker:No i can't ... we are good but still you won't have that control on your privacy and other staffs.
supporter:Yes, it is difficult to have to be a dependent again when you have been used to living alone. I had to do that myself once over fifteen years ago when I was forced to move back with my parents. 
seeker:So you know what it feels, right?
supporter:Yeah. It was very depressing at the time but things are much better now. I think it will be the same for you t oo! 
seeker:let's hope so. This time it looks an everlasting piles of problems ahead..
supporter:It can do, unfortunately. Are there any things that give you pleasure in life? Do you have friends? 
seeker:Friends? eh some, writing and reading were my way of devotion to the unknown and to the self... it seems quite a luxury right now..
supporter:sorry was afk 
supporter:What are your chances of getting another job? 
seeker:I am trying... 
supporter:What sort of thing are you looking for? 
seeker:Educater, writer, teacher 
supporter:Ah I have done some teaching, it's a very worthy profession. 
seeker:I used to love it, no more enjoyable now days
supporter:Everything is so up in the air at the moment. 
seeker:I know, hate to complain too... almost about everything... 
supporter:(can you press quit and take the survey? I can't do it at my end. Thanks for talking!)
seeker:sure. 
supporter:*beams* ... you just need to press quit 

supporter:Hello there, is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?
seeker:I have drank too much alcohol and got fired from my job for showing up drunk. 
supporter:Oh dear that does not sound good. Do you have a problem with alcohol in general or was this a one off? 
seeker:In general I do. ever since my wife left me for the milk man I drink daily. 
supporter:Does he give you a discount then? 
seeker:I can't drink milk so Now i drink alcohol
seeker:No, The milkman is my father and we don't get along. 
supporter:Have you considered getting some sort of help? There is lots out there. 
supporter:Your wife left you for your father? How very ... redneck. 
seeker:I have not. I am unaware of what help services there are out there to offer or how to go about requesting these services? 
supporter:Hmmm I would start with your GP, if you have one. 
seeker:GP? what's a GP? 
supporter:Doctor. Sorry I am in England - I think that would be physician for you 
seeker:Correct. A doctor for me is a physician
supporter:Well, perhaps you could see your G ... um, physician and tell them that you think you have a problem? They might be able to provide calcium supplements too. 
seeker:I am currently needing mental help with this I think? how do I go about finding a provider? 
supporter:If you have been drinking a long time, you probably need physical help too in case of withdrawal. Your doctor is the best place to start for both. 
seeker:Okay I will look into receiving both of those
supporter:What is your financial situation? Are you in trouble now you have no job? 
seeker:I have no JOb and no health insurance to help me pay for all of this. 
supporter:you should live in England. Socialised medicine is the best. 
seeker:So I hear it is. WE have to pay an arm and a leg for ours. 
supporter:I've heard :( It's terrifying to think of. Are there any free facilities there for people in your situation or do you just suffer? 
seeker:They have programs like medicaid. but I'm not poor enough for that program
supporter:So you're stuck in limbo? That is really awful, I am sorry. 
seeker:I am in a limbo. and I need healthcare without going into debt. 
supporter:Are there any charities who could help? It is just terrible that people who need mental health care cannot get it! 
seeker:It happens frequently and no one really cares. I don't need charity. I just need 10 turns and 15 minutes. 
supporter:I am not sure what that means :) 
seeker:Thamk you for all your help good sir.
supporter:madam ;) but you're welcome 

supporter:Hi my name is Sarah, how are you today?
seeker:Hi, Sarah.  I am at my wits end.  I feel like I am going crazy.
supporter:Oh no!   That sounds stressful.   What's happening?
seeker:I am stressed out about having to move and I just can't seem to calm down when it is time to sleep.  
supporter:Moving is such a stressful time.   When do you move?   
seeker:I am moving in a month, but there is just so much to do before then.
supporter:I see.  What is your wind-down routine like in the evening, if you have one?
seeker:I usually put my kids to bed and then try to relax for about an hour while I watch tv before I head to bed.
supporter:Oh you're a parent AND you are moving, you have a lot on your plate!
seeker:Yes, I am a homeschooling mother of two.  
supporter:Have you tried a warm bath before bed? that's helped me before.   Meditation to still my mind before sleeping helps too.
supporter:I've read that a small carb snack before bed, like a peice of toast, is supposed to help us fall asleep, I haven't tried it though
seeker:A bath does sound really relaxing.  I have tried some meditations.
supporter:One thing I highly recommend is a podcast called "Tracks to Relax"  
seeker:Thanks, I will have to try that.  Music does tend to calm me down.  I don't know why I haven't tried that.
supporter:It's guided sleep meditations, and his voice is incredibly soothing....works well for me on nights I can't naturally fall asleep.
supporter:He leads you relaxing walks into the forest and such things, it's very peaceful
seeker:I really appreciate that help, I will try it for sure.
seeker:I think it will be easier to focus on a meditation with someone talking me through it
supporter:Have you a partner sharing the childrearing?
seeker:Yes, but he has already moved to our new house because he is working on floors and stuff to get it ready.
seeker:So I have been alone to stew in my worries.
supporter:Oh I see so right now you're the main "parent-er"?
supporter:Do you have other family that could take the kids for a wekend so you can have a proper rest?
seeker:Yes, I am.  But, my children are not very stressful.  I think they help more than anything. I have wonderful children.
seeker:I think it is just the thoughts of moving to a new place and the actual 20 hour drive in a moving truck that is scaring me.
seeker:I really appreciate your support today.  It is helpful to talk it out.  Your suggestions were also really good.
supporter:You have wonderful children beccause they have been well parented by the sounds of it :)
seeker:Thank you so much!
seeker:You have a great day :)
supporter:I hope your move goes smoothly....try to make sure you carve out time for YOU ...bye!
seeker:Bye
supporter:(please click the quit button)

supporter:Hi there, what's going on today?
seeker:Just dealing with alot of depression lately due to issues with a lot of things. The most of which being with my ex-gf and her pregnancy. She immediately cut me off once she gave birth, so I haven't met or seen my child. It's been 7 months. We were in the process of working on an agreement outside of court and since this I've had to work with the court to get this started but it's been hard with COVID and not being able to meet with someone in person.
supporter:Did you sign the birth certificate? 
seeker:No. That's the other thing. She didn't let me know about the birth until 2 hours after the fact. The hospital would only let one person there with her and her sister was there. I don't know if she put someone else as the father or not.
supporter:That is absolutely horrible, and I can understand the reasoning behind your emotions now. You are a wonderful soul to care so deeply. You deserve to be a Father. 
supporter:Have you contacted any legal help? 
seeker:Thank you. I appreciate that. I've been in contact with the Self-Help center at the courthouse to help me with the process of getting a DNA test and getting things going on a case. 
supporter:Ok that is one step closer to justice. When is that going to take place, and did you find out if that can be expedited? 
supporter:Your child is so fortunate to have you. Keep fighting to win custody, I believe in you. 
seeker:There's been some issues with the paperwork which is part of why it's taking a while. Once it gets fixed and approved, it should be easy from there. There's no expediting it though I'm afraid.
seeker:Thank you for that last message. It's really encouraging.
supporter:I am proud of being able to say I spoke with someone like you today. I hope the rest of the world takes notes from you. If everyone cared like this, the world would be a better place. Thank you for being you:)
seeker:Thanks. I'm glad to have talked to you too. 
supporter:Is there anything else going on, aside from this?
seeker:Well, aside from that, I'm pretty stressed about school too.
supporter:What are you studying?
seeker:Psychology
supporter:I studied psychology years ago, and it is eye opening. Stick with it, and pay attention. It will absolutely help your cause in court too! 
seeker:Thanks!
supporter:Anytime! Do you do anything for fun? Any hobbies? 
seeker:I read. I also like to play video games or listen to music. Unfortunately most of my time is spent on schoolwork and taking care of other things. But when I do find some time, I usually play a video game or do some reading.
supporter:What are some of your favorites? That is definitely one of my escapes. It is a very healthy way to cope and find some peace among the chaos. 
seeker:For reading, I like to read a variety of genres, like mysteries and self-help books. As for video games, I tend to play anything. Mostly, I've been playing to shut my brain off, so it's games like GTAV or Call of Duty.
supporter:Can I make a suggestion? From a fellow psych buff, I recommend any of the Uncharted games or Assassin's Creed games! You will melt into another world and it takes the stress away. Leaving you more energized to deal with real world problems! 
seeker:That's a good idea. I actually just downloaded an Assassin's Creed game.
supporter:Great minds think alike! Is there anything else you wanted to bring up with me today? 
seeker:No. But thanks for listening to me. 
supporter:Thank you for trusting me with your problems. I hope to have made you smile, even a little! 

seeker:hi there
supporter:Hi! Hope you are doing well. How can I help you today?
seeker:I am having such a hard time falling asleep at night....I toss and turn and cannot shut my mind off
supporter:It seems you are having hard time to fall asleep. Hope I get it right?
seeker:yes that's right.  my mind just races thinking about problems it seems.  I am irritable and frustrated.
supporter:Is there a specific thing or task which is bothering you for long? 
seeker:I worry about my daughter, she has addictions.  I never know if she is okay or not, she doesn't call me very often and is hard to get a hold of.
supporter:It must be a tough time for you and is a enough reason to not getting good sleep. despite of it you should need a complete rest . 
seeker:Have you any suggestions to help me get to sleep easier?   I have tried meditation, but it doesn't seem to help much.
supporter:I feels like you are having less energy and feel tired due to lack of sleep. Try to follow a particular schedule and u can put soothing music before bed. It might calm you down and make you sleep.
seeker:That's a good idea I can try that.   My bedtimes are kind of mixed up, maybe setting a particular schedule will help, I'll try that
seeker:sometimes i go to be early, sometimes late, maybe that is screwing me up
supporter:When I have sleeping problem, I take warm shower. It help me a lot.
seeker:good idea, i could try that
supporter:As far as I know if we follow a particular time to go to bed eventually We start feeling sleepy at that time or body adapt it. 
seeker:oh ok, that makes sense
seeker:i wish my daughter lived closer so i can check on her, she is in another city which makes it hard
seeker:i worry
seeker:ok well thankyou for your help
supporter: I can understand how hard it is for you. But nothing stays same. I wish your daughter will come out of it soon and wishing her success.   Meditation can help you  too. Before sleeping  you can concentrate on your breath. 
seeker:I appreciate your suggestions and will give them a try.   The warm shower sounds like a really good idea.   Thankyou so much.
seeker:are you a parent?
supporter:Best wish for you! Wishing  you will have a nice sleep and refresh day afterwards.
seeker:thank you i apprecaite that, to you as well
supporter:Yes, I am a parent with 2 kids and can understand  your situation very well
seeker:bye and thank you again!

supporter:Hello how are you?
seeker:I am down feeling depressed 
seeker:I feel like the world is crashing down around me
supporter:I have suffered from depression and know how hard that can be
supporter:What seems to have brought it on?
seeker:Thinking about my kids and wanting to be able to hug them and see them they are in a different state
seeker:I have medications I take but I have so many different things going on
supporter:Oh that is hard being separated from family.  Are you unable to t5ravel right now?
seeker:I have PTSD, sleep apnea, and numerous other issues I suffer from as well
supporter:I see
supporter:So are you being followed by a specialist?
seeker:It is hard to travel at the moment I feel I can't trust anyone and don't like to be around a lot of people
seeker:I do see a specialist
supporter:Okay so you are not feeling well enough to travel and see your kids am I right?
seeker:It's even hard for me to go outside 
seeker:No I am feeling very down and depressed right now and it is very hard
supporter:That sounds like it would be isolating...are you able to keep in touch with people by telephone, video chat and what not, are you feeling well enough for that?
seeker:My kids call me and facetime me 
supporter:I know when I am depressed I don't want to see or talk to anyone...
seeker:My oldest son texts me a lot so I am thankful for that
supporter:Oh I'm so glad you are in touch in that way, do you find them supportive?
seeker:My kids make me happy to talk to but usually I don't feel like seeing anyone
supporter:Is there any way they can come and visit you?
seeker:I don't even know how to describe how I feel to people sometimes
seeker:I hope they will be coming soon when my youngest son gets out of school
supporter:It sounds like you are feeling overwhelmed right now.  
seeker:My mood seems to go up and down but mostly stays down I don't like going anywhere 
supporter:Is there anyone else besides your specialist and your kids that you can reach out to for support in your community, even if it's just by pone?
seeker:That makes me feel so bad too because I never used to be this way
seeker:I am remarried and my wife tries to help as much as possible
supporter:And you won't feel this way forever, it will pass, know that, even if it does not feel like it, it will.  It can be hard to see any light at the end of the tunnel when we are depressed.
seeker:I live close to my sister as well but it is still difficult for me to even talk a lot to them
supporter:Oh that's great you have a supportive wife! 
seeker:I feel like I don't have anyone sometimes and she is supportive but I just get to feeling down and shutdown
supporter:In my community we have mental health programs, I am actually doing some via zoom, do you know if there is anything like that you can access?
seeker:I shutdown from everything and feel worthless sometimes
supporter:I understand that shut down feeling....I close right up when I am down
seeker:I hate to feel like that but I feel there is nothing I can do sometimes
supporter:Feeling worthless, uninterested in going out, those are symptoms of depression, they will pass
seeker:I don't find fun in things I used to do that was fun
seeker:I feel so separated from people my parents both are gone now too 
supporter:Lack of interest in things is also a symptom of depression.   Once your depression lifts it will come back.   I'll tell you what helped me when I was depresed...
seeker:My dad passed away 24 years ago and my mom passed away last easter too 
seeker:what helped you?
supporter:I was taught to make very small goals.  For example, I found it hard to go out for a walk, even though I knew it would help my depression. (Exercise has been shown to be as effective as antidpressants)  So I was told, just walk around the block.  If that's too much, walk to the corner.   If that's too much, walk to the end f the driveway.  If that's too much, step outside.   If that's too much, put your shoes on.   Baby steps.
supporter:And whatever small step you manage to acheive, celebrate it and reward yourself.
seeker:I would like to know because I don't like the feeling of depression and anxiety not being able to sleep
supporter:Ultimately, my last depression it was getting my covid shot that helped most....lifted a bunch of fear and anxiety and restored my hope.
supporter:Does your specialist know you are this down?
seeker:I try to go out and walk my wife likes to go outside so I try to do that but I still feel so down and I don't like how I feel I have become I get angry all the time too I feel like
seeker:Yes my specialist knows and I have appointments with them more often
supporter:And losing your mum last Easter, you are probably still dealing with grief on top of everything else.   My parents are gone too, grief can be a long process.  Grief is tough.  That will get easier with time.
seeker:My meds I take have been increased and I hate to just take meds to try to help
supporter:The thing is though, depression is an illness.   Would you take meds for another sort of illness, something physical?
seeker:It has been 24 years since my dad has passed away and he was my best friend and I still hurt everyday
supporter:That is hard, I'm sorry you are hurting
supporter:Have you tried writing down your thoughts and feelings in a journal?
seeker:I know and I try to get out but after I retired from military I still have thoughts about all that I seen there too and I hate that
supporter:okay so the PTSD is related to time in the military?
seeker:I don't like to tell everyone about that because I feel like I am bringing everyone down saying that too
seeker:Yes the PTSD is from the military time 
supporter:Are there any veterans groups in your area that help with that?
supporter:Maybe connecting with others "in the same boat" would help
seeker:I am not sure but I don't like to be in big groups either
supporter:Or maybe there is a way online you could do that, virtual meetings, since you find it hard to get out.   Could you handle a zoom group meeting?
seeker:I get easily startled now too when I am outside I always feel like someone is coming close to me and no one is there
supporter:I attend zoom group meetings for my mental health.  They have helped.
seeker:I am not sure about that I feel ashamed a lot too about the way I feel
supporter:You are going through a lot, but you are stronger than you feel, I know you can get through this.   Things will get easier.
seeker:I don't think people should feel the way I do and I don't understand my feelings either
supporter:Have you done any research online about PTSD....perhaps your veteran organization has resources on their website
seeker:I truly hope so because I feel like I am against a wall sometimes too with my thoughts and feelings
supporter:That is so hard, I hear you
seeker:I have not done a lot of research but I need to try that 
supporter:Research is something solitary you can do
seeker:I feel like I am complaining to people too and that bothers me too because I am not 
supporter:Whereabouts do you live?
seeker:I live in southern Tennessee
supporter:Well you are being honest.  Some people will be able to handle that, some won't, but either way it takes courage to communicate how badly you feel.
seeker:I am with the VA now they get all my appointments for me
seeker:I truly feel like my back is against the wall and I have never been that way I used to have fun 
supporter:ok good.   I see online that Tennessee Dept of Veterans lists some mental health resources
seeker:I go to see one of my specialists tomorrow actually VA
supporter:You will have fun again.   Your feelings are due to depression, you will get through it, it will lift.
seeker:I really appreciate you listening to me
seeker:You are very kind to listen and try to make things better
supporter:Good.   Be honest and open with your specialist please?  That's important.   It's a pleasure listening to you, you're welcome
seeker:I hope you are right and someday these feelings do go
supporter:Aw thank you for the compliment
seeker:I hope you have a great rest of your day and thank you so much for the kindness
supporter:Honestly, I have been ill with depression several times, and have felt hopeless...and it always lifted
supporter:You're so welcome.   Feel better soon.  
seeker:Thank you 
supporter:And don't give up!!!
seeker:I am trying not too but that is the hard part
seeker:I feel alone a lot I understand I am not but that is how I feel
seeker:Bye for now and thank you again
supporter:You have your wife and kids you are not alone :)  Bye take care, things will get better.
supporter:If you hit the quit button it will end the session :)

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi!   How are you today?
seeker:I'm grounded so i'm not happy
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that.  It must be hard.
supporter:Can I ask what has happened?
seeker:My sibling broke the tv and blamed it on me and my parents believed them
supporter:Oh no!  I'm sorry to hear that.   That must be a hard situation, to not have your folks believe you.
seeker:It is very frustrating 
supporter:Have you spoken with your sibling about why they lied?
seeker:No, we just got into a yelling fight about it and are both in our rooms now
supporter:I'm sure it's frustrating when you know you're correct and no one believes you.
seeker:Yes it is
seeker:I'd rather just run away from everything
supporter:It's not cool that you're sibling lied, but it may be a good time to breathe a second.   Running away never solved anything
seeker:It is late at night
supporter:So probably it's quiet.  this is a good time to take a breath and , literally try and sleep on it.
supporter:What do you want to see happen?
seeker:that is probably a good idea. I want my sibling to be punished not me and for parents to believe me
supporter:OK, I understand.
supporter:So, then, it's how to figure out how to make that happen.
seeker:well my parents dont believe me so not much i can do
supporter:May I ask why they believe your sibling?   Is your sibling a different age?
seeker:they are younger and the favorite
supporter:I understand.
seeker:I just need to wait until I'm 18 so I can move far away
supporter:So, it sounds like you already have a plan to turn things around.   How far away from 18 are you, if I can ask?
seeker:1 year
supporter:OK, good for you.   It may not seem like it, but you can do anything for a year.
seeker:True. 
seeker:I can't wait 
supporter:So, the question is....how do you deal in the short term?
seeker:It will be nice to get away and never talk to family again
seeker:Just hole up in my room and not talk to anyone from now on I think
seeker:only talk when necessary
supporter:Yes.   I was going to suggest the "grey rock" technique.
supporter:You would be only as polite as you need to be, and only engage others in a limited way.   You go about your business as you need to without the involvement of your other family members.
seeker:That is a good idea
seeker:I will just do that
seeker:i can handle that for a year
seeker:thank you for your help
supporter:you're welcome!
supporter:I truly wish you the best.   Stay calm, you're a stone, and will get through this until you can leave.
seeker:thanks have a good day

supporter:Hello, how are you feeling today?
seeker:i feel upset today
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that. Is there any particular reason you feel upset today?
seeker:yes.i have sleeping problem
supporter:That's really hard, but I'm sure we can find a way to make your sleeping more at ease. Has it been happening frequently? 
seeker:yes.the problem occurs me daily night
supporter:I had a problem sleeping before, is it ok if I give you some suggestions that helped me and might help you too?
seeker:yes.sure i am ready to get suggetions from you
supporter:Try practicing meditation and yoga, and avoid mobile phones atleast an hour before you sleep. Chamomile tea also helped me relaxed before. 
seeker:ok.its very good advice .i will follow these steps surely
supporter:That's wonderful that you're very open, I'm sure you will be well in no time. If you still have a hard time sleeping, feel free to contact us again. We'll be happy to help.
seeker:ya.sure.thanks you very much for the help
supporter:You're welcome! Have a nice day.
seeker:thank you so much .have a nice day
supporter:Stay safe and try doing naps first.
seeker:i decided to to yoga for better sleep
supporter:that's wonderful. how did it go?
seeker:its nice and going good
supporter:That's wonderful. I also kept on doing yoga.
seeker:ok.thank you.all the best too

supporter:Hi there, how's your day? 
seeker:Pretty ok but quite frustrating
seeker:How about you?
supporter:What is it you're feeling frustrated about? I am happy to listen. 
seeker:I'm frustrated I didn't start my work. It seems like it is straightforward but for some reason I can't seem to start
supporter:Would you like to tell me what sort of work it is? Perhaps I can help. 
seeker:I need to analyze some data to get some information out of it. 
supporter:Ah that does not sound like my sort of thing. Why is it you're having trouble starting, do you think? 
seeker:I am afraid to not be able to get the results i want
supporter:Well, I guess you could say that you won't get any results if you don't try though? :) 
seeker:Very true. But the just getting started part gives me anxiety
supporter:Do you think that the anxiety might have another cause - you might have general problems with anxiety? 
seeker:Hmm, probably. I should probably find ways to help myself. Any tips?
supporter:Well, I have heard of a thing called Mindfulness but I have never tried it myself. It sounds like it might be very effective though 
seeker:I see. Will check it out. 
supporter:Or you could perhaps try and get some sort of counselling? 
seeker:While counseling is probably the best idea, that gives me the most anxiety
seeker:Finding one that I don't have to explain cultural things to is hard
supporter:Yes it can be a vicious  circle sometimes. What sort of cultural things do you mean? 
seeker:For example, like pressures of being an oldest child in asian household
supporter:Ah, yes I know that that can be very difficult. And yes, I can understand why you'd want to see someone who would understand that particular situation 
supporter:I hope that I have been able to help and thank you for confiding in me! 
seeker:Thanks for listening!
seeker:Appreciated your suggestions
supporter:I am hear for a while if you want to talk again :D You have to press  quit first as I am not able to do so from my end. 
supporter:here for a while sorry 
seeker:oh, right, haha. thanks I think i'm good though. 
supporter:no worries, all the best! 

supporter:Hi there, what's going on today? 
seeker:Not great. I think I have a problem with alcohol.
supporter:How so? 
seeker:I've been drinking a lot and some mornings I wake up not remembering the night before.
supporter:I have done that myself, but being self aware is an advantage not many people have. How long has this been happening? 
seeker:A couple of months on and off, but it's gotten a lot worse the last couple of weeks.
seeker:I'm afraid I'm going down a bad road, but I don't know how to stop. 
supporter:These are not the best times... but lets dig deeper to the root of this new behavior. 
seeker:How do we do that?
supporter:I have been down that road myself, and I didn't have anyone to help me. But luckily, you have resources and support. Help me understand what makes you drink? Is it a trigger like stress? Or just a habit? 
seeker:Work has been stressful, but I feel like was before things got bad. Most nights I come home to drink so that I can forget about my day. 
supporter:What do you do for work? 
seeker:I work in finance at a large corporation.
supporter:Oh I can definitely understand your reasoning. I am not justifying your behavior, but at least we see now, it goes hand in hand. The corporate dinner parties and cocktail hours.. it is usually much deeper than the surface
seeker:Hmm. I never thought of it that way. 
seeker:I guess maybe I need to look into how such events affect me.
supporter:Usually when I find myself going off the deep end, I can reign it back by realizing that the power lies in me. My control to use a relaxer like a cocktail hour, to just be that. It does not have to be a contest. It should make you feel good, then leave it. But if you cannot control it, try and de-stress another way like baths or massages
supporter:It sounds like you are pretty self aware, which is a great short cut to this dilemma. 
supporter:You can use this to your advantage, and make more conscious choices to better your life  
seeker:Yeah, that makes sense. 
seeker:I think I understand the problem I have much better now.
supporter:That is great, please share with me your findings 
seeker:Honestly, I don't feel like I fit in at my job. I get concerned that my coworkers like me better after I've had a few drinks and loosened up a bit. But there's been more stress lately and I've been pushing it a lot more. 
supporter:It is easy to get side tracked by ego especially in that field. Try to stay focused and remember why you are there. You aren't there to impress Jim. You are there to make money and achieve your goals. As long as your eyes stay on the goal, the rest will follow. 
seeker:Yeah. That makes sense. Thanks for your support.
supporter:You are a strong individual and I am here for you. You inspire me to do better!! 
seeker:I don't know how I inspire anyone, but I appreciate it. 
seeker:Thanks for your help.
supporter:You inspire me because rather than allowing it to consume you, you are actively seeking help. That is very commendable. 

seeker:HI I have such trouble sleeping
supporter:Hello! How is life treating you right now? 
seeker:Ok I guess but I can not shutt my brain off and relax
supporter:I see .. so I hear you saying that you are suffering from very bad anxiety? 
seeker:I guess, that would be what it is called I just always thought I am unable to sleep???
supporter:Ah I have had this problem myself. Have you consulted with your doctor? 
seeker:No but I have been taking melatoning or pm medication but it does not really help either
supporter:I am not sure what sort of medications they are - are they specifically for insomnia? 
seeker:Melatonin, for sleep...and like tylenol PM... I also have taken over the counter sleep meds all of them are over the counteer
supporter:I tried those too but did not find them very effective, did you?
seeker:no i do not, but i do not want a prescription afraid of getting hooked
supporter:There are some sleeping pills out there that are not addictive, or at least I believe so
seeker:I am even worried that you could get hooked with the over the counter stuff...it is a rough spot, I see all the night time TV shows...
supporter:I think the over the counter things are generally considered safe but you could ask the pharmacist. 
seeker:I guess I could...maybe it is age...
supporter:How old are you?
seeker:I am 56 years old
supporter:Ah, I am in my mid forties, everything starts to get harder health wise after that age don't you think? 
seeker:I know it...LOL... things hurt i never even knew I had....
supporter:And sleeping problems start emerging, sigh. Do you get a chance to nap during the day? 
seeker:NO I have never been able to sleep during the day unless I was sick, I work fulltime also. so i leave my house at 6 am and get back at 3 pm then dinner and household...
supporter:Sounds like you have a very packed life. Maybe you need more time to yourself to relax?
seeker:Maybe just not sure how to get to that point
supporter:Is there anyone in your home that you can discuss this with? Spouse? 
seeker:LOL...you are funny my husband is self employeed I do all his paperwork, and he is not the empathetic kind...
supporter:I hear you on that one too :(. I think you are being put under unnecessary stress 
seeker:I think you are right and I am sure I put a lot on that myself by trying to do everything right
supporter:What are the chances of you doing something just for y ourself soon? A spa day maybe?
seeker:I think I will do that ..it as good to talk to you....thanks for letting me vent
supporter:No worries, I have a couple of minutes more to spare if you'd like to talk about something else :) 
seeker:NO I do appreciate it I got to get a shower...thanks again
supporter:No problem at all :) can you just wait for the fifteen minute mark before pressing quit, thanks and have a great day 
seeker:You too, you are very nice
supporter:It's a living :D 

supporter:Hi there how are things with you? 
seeker:Hi I'm having trouble sleeping, have a lot on my mind...sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. I have insomnia and I know how horrible it is. Have you seen your doctor?
seeker:not for this
supporter:It might be worth it. They might be able to arrange you some counselling. 
seeker:hmm yes maybe i should make an appointment....any idea what else I could try?  what works for your insommnia?
supporter:Nothing really lol. But there are things that can make it easier. There is over the counter medication available, for instance 
seeker:hmm  i can't take those, am on other medications
supporter:Oh that's a shame. Have you tried, for instance, getting some exercise an hour or two before bed? 
seeker:it's weird because i fall asleep okay but then in the middle of the night i wake up worried, lol, most inconvenient.  I haven't tried that....hmmm maybe an after supper walk would help
supporter:It sounds like there might be other issues at work too ... anxiety? 
seeker:yes, am dealing with cancer and another family member had to go for some serious tests so I get anxious about that
seeker:i think you're right I should put in a call to my doctor and get an appointment
supporter:Gosh I am very sorry to hear that. Have you spoken to your cancer doctor about it? 
seeker:no actually i have not, perhaps i should
supporter:There may be some relation between the two things, it's worth seeing. 
seeker:hmm yes you may well be right there, I hadn't htought of that
supporter:Did the two things start at around the same time, do you remember? 
seeker:I have a nurse at the cancer center I can call, she can perhaps advise me
supporter:Yes - there may well be some physical thing going on as well as the anxiety. 
seeker:hmm....i think so now that I think about it, yes
supporter:I would definitely advise talking to her then. There might be something helpful she can recommend. 
seeker:i have too much living to do have to beat this cancer!!   And getting a good night's sleep is important for my recovery
supporter:Yes it definitely is. Are you at liberty to nap during the day if you feel really tired? 
seeker:ok so a walk in the evening and call my cancer nurse and make a appointment wtih my doctore, you've given me a plan of action
supporter:Try a nice milky drink just before you go to sleep too. Very soothing. 
seeker:yes I do nap, thankfully i live alone so it's nice and quiet :)
supporter:Watch one of your favourite movies before bed too .. that might relax you. 
seeker:thank yo9u so much for all your help today
supporter:You're most welcome - we have to talk for fifteen mins though so is there anything else I can advise you with?
seeker:have you tried meditation?  i was thinking of trying it
seeker:am not much of a movie person but maybe some meditation before bed would help.
supporter:I have not but my sister practices it and apparently she finds it really helpful. 
seeker:how long has she been meditating?
supporter:I think for over ten years. A Buddhist friend of hers taught her. 
seeker:oh cool....yes my sister meditates and has been encouraging me to try
seeker:well thank you again :) hope you have a good eve
supporter:I would definitely recommend you trying it - at worst, it can't hurt. Anyway I hope I have been able to be of some help to you today and I wish you all the best for the future! 
supporter:(can you press quit after fifteen mins as I can't do it from this end)

supporter:Hi there, how are you doing today?
seeker:Hey! Thank you for contacting me. Not too bad so far
seeker:What about you?
supporter:I am amazing thanks, the sun is shining. Today is a good day! So how can I help you?
seeker:Lucky! It's raining and windy here! 
seeker:I am having this constant problem where I am really tired and so I go to bed but I cannot fall sleep for sooo long
supporter:I am sorry to hear that, I used to have sleeping issues as well. What do you do in the hour leading up to bed time and what do you do in bed before you sleep?
seeker:I tend to watch TV or check my phone, once in bed I just try to relax and close my eyes
supporter:I made a rule in my house where we cannot use any technology 1 hour before bed time. We read a book for example.
supporter:That might be something you can start to implement in your schedule. Cutting out technology 1 hour before bed time.
seeker:I think that is a good rule, I have to recognize I use too much technology specially towards the evening/night
seeker:I will try to stop all that and have a read tonight, what about if that does not work? Have you tried anything else?
supporter:Don't feel bad, we all do it in this day and age.
seeker:Thank you
supporter:I also have a playlist of what's known as "white noise". Think of rain falling on the windows, a stream of water flowing, birds tweeting. This is what I listen to while I'm lying in bed waiting to go to sleep. You could try this as well.
seeker:Yes! Thank you for that. I do love music and also the sound of the nature, it relaxes me... so I think that can work
seeker:I don't want to have to take pills to sleep or something like that if I can avoid it
supporter:Sometimes sleep issues are not about you doing something wrong, just about how you can set your mind in a better place.
supporter:No 100%, you shouldn't take pills unless its absolutely necessary, and I don't think it is right now. I think you can do this without pills.
seeker:Absolutely, I agree with you. Thank you for your support. I believe I can create a much better sleeping routine
seeker:But it's just so easy to take the phone and start browsing news or check up funny videos
supporter:No problem at all, its my pleasure. I believe you can as well :)
seeker:When did you have this same issue, long ago?
supporter:Yes about 2 years ago I started to have sleep issues. I noticed the phone was the first thing I picked up after waking up, and the last thing I put down. It is terrible what technology and social media does to us.
supporter:Yes about 2 years ago I started to have sleep issues. I noticed the phone was the first thing I picked up after waking up, and the last thing I put down. It is terrible what technology and social media does to us.
seeker:I know! Thank you for your help and sharing your insight
seeker:It has been very useful and it's good to know it worked for you 
seeker:I will try tonight 
supporter:Thats what I am here for :) I hope you have a great day my friend!
seeker:And you too! Lovely talking to you
seeker:Have a nice day ahead
supporter:Thanks you too.

supporter:Hello my name is Lisa, how are you today?
seeker:Hi, I'm Megan. I'm just looking for some help really, I've been feeling down for a while and it's affecting my sleep. I feel tired during the day but cant fall or stay asleep at night. 
supporter:Hi Megan, sorry to hear you are feeling down.  And having trouble falling asleep is something I go through from time to time, I'll share some tips I have if you like.
seeker:That would be great, I'd appreciate some tips. Nice to know other people are in the same boat. 
supporter:Just curious how long have you been feeling down?   And did you sleep okay before that?
seeker:I think it's probably been around 6 months, but nothing that I can think triggered it. I have always had some problems with sleeping but it's never been this bad. 
supporter:Okay so it sounds like your trouble sleeping has gotten worse since you started feeling low, and it's affecting your energy during the day then?  Am I understanding you right?
seeker:That's exactly it, yes. 
supporter:Here are some things I do....no coffee after noon...
seeker:Okay, I drink a lot of coffee so that's definitely something I'll try. 
supporter:I exercise in the morning if I can, for me that's a walk, I always sleep better on days I walk....
seeker:Okay sure, I work in a desk job so I reckon moving around and getting out could help. 
supporter:I LOVE coffee....had to wean myself back to maximum 3 cups in the morning though
supporter:Is your room quite dark?
supporter:I got light blocking curtains....seems to help
seeker:Yeah at the moment I'm on around 6 cups a day so I'll cut it to 5 for a while then go from there. My room is dark, I have black out blinds. 
supporter:Okay sounds good  :)  I use this podcast that has this guy with such a relaxing voice, doing guided sleep meditations, it's called Tracks to Relax
supporter:there's a premium option but the free is just fine
seeker:Thanks for the suggestion, sometimes I listen to ASMR on youtube so I'm always looking for new things to listen to whilst falling asleep. I'll go for the free version. 
supporter:whats ASMR?
seeker:It's relaxing whispering, usually speaking or noises using objects. I find it very relaxing. 
supporter:hmm I"ll have to check that out!
seeker:I think it helps me (usually), although not enough over the last few months unfortunately. 
supporter:Have you spoken to your doctor about your low mood?
seeker:Your tips have been helpful though I will definitely try to reduce the coffees and walk more. I have talked to my doctor about it but not for a while, maybe I should make an appointment. 
supporter:It's really tough not sleeping and then being low energy all day, but I know you can get on top of it.   There's good info online too if you google "sleep hygeine"
seeker:I'll try that after this chat, thanks 
supporter:YOu're very welcome it's been a pleasure chatting with you
seeker:It's been really helpful, thanks again for your help. 
supporter:Take care and I hope you sleep well soon!

supporter:Hello! What seems to be the problem?
seeker:am having sleep disorder problem
seeker:will you able to help?
seeker:Daily am not able to sleep on time
supporter:I will try my best. I specialise in yoga and meditation.
seeker:Great
supporter:How long has this been happening for?
seeker:past 2 weeks
seeker:will you able to help with some video links
seeker:which I can see and follow
supporter:This may be an obvious question, but can you think of something that has changed in the last two weeks?
supporter:Think about work related, personal life, changes in behaviour?
seeker:yeah. may be work related
seeker:am spending more time on work
seeker:I need to switch some activities other than work
seeker:will you suggest to take off for few more days from work?
seeker:will that work
seeker:or any other better solution
supporter:It might solve as a temporary solution, however, if whatever happened at work to cause this continues when you return from holidays, you will just have the same problem again.
supporter:What exactly do you think is causing it? Additional work/responsibilities? New manager?
seeker:additional work being assigned to me
seeker:that causes more work stress
seeker:most of them are new to me, so am spending more time to learn 
supporter:Have you tried to speak to your manager about these additional responsibilities? Do you know if it is a short term problem or you will always have extra work being assigned?
seeker:am trying to speak. but she is not listening much
seeker:let me try to tell my situation and get some better solution
seeker:will you able to share some yoga & mediation links?
seeker:to divert me from the extra addiotnal work
supporter:I don't think I can share links over here, however the activities you perform directly before you go to sleep have a direct impact on your sleeping.
supporter:I would recommend trying to practice 30m-1h of yoga (you can find lodes of exercise videos on the internet to follow), followed by a mediation sound track for you to listen to in bed while you try to sleep.
supporter:Keep your body and mind clear before you go to sleep has proven to allow for a better sleep.
supporter:I used to have sleeping issues, and I started doing this 2 years ago, and I completely changed. I am an investment banker and still am, it is a very stressful environment however this has allowed me to work at the very top and remain in control of my body and mind.
supporter:Please try this for 1 week, I know you can do it and I know it will help you long term.
seeker:Sure. I can try whatever you suggested
seeker:am sure definitely I will get some changes
seeker:I felt good after chatting with you
supporter:Thanks so good, I have really enjoyed talking to you too.
seeker:Thank you so much for your advice and have a good day.
supporter:My pleasure, you too.
seeker:Bye. closing this chat
supporter:Bye.

seeker:hello
supporter:Hello there, how can I help you?
seeker:yes i had problems sleeping one night
seeker:i was so angry that i couldnt sleep
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. How often do you have problems sleeping?
seeker:i have them frequently when my neighbors are loud with their music.
supporter:I hear you, I used to have noisy neighbours too.
supporter:How long have you been living next to your noisy neighbours for?
seeker:Its hard because they dont answer there door so i can tell them about the issue.
supporter:If noise levels are above the legal limit, you can get the police involved, however, its probably better to have that open conversation with them first. Let them have the opportunity to fix it before it escalates.
supporter:Have you tried just a simple knock on the wall to let them know you are not happy?
supporter:Since they are not answering the door.
seeker:Unfotunately the police won't do anything about it because they know these neighbors are trouble. i even tried to communicate with the neighbor one day getting my mail.
supporter:I would personally try to write a letter and post it through their door, give them 24 hours to be able to read it and think about it.If they continue to be noisy the next day, you should definitely call the police. The police are there for law and order, and it sounds as though they are causing a public nuisance which is what the police are there to do, no matter how troublesome your neighbours are. They aren't above the law.
seeker:i cannot write a letter because they will not understand since they dont speak english much, 
seeker:Again, the police don't wat to get involved,
seeker:thank you for your input but i dont think i have anymore option but move and sell my house,
seeker:I just think that getting away from them would help
supporter:I understand you feel helpless, but I really think that is the last option. I don't know if you are saying the police will not help because this is what you have been told by a friend or this is your experience. But they really are there to help you in a case like this.
seeker:i have contactd the police they told me its not a problem the can fix
supporter:"Police typically are responsible for maintaining public order and safety, enforcing the law, and preventing, detecting, and investigating criminal activities. These functions are known as policing"
seeker:apparently none of the household members will open the door for the police
seeker:i will try again 
seeker:thank you for all your help i hope you have a great day.
supporter:Then I would suggest if the police are not able to help you take the officers badge numbers and contact your local council or government,
supporter:No problem. I know your issue will be solved without having a move away. Have a great day too!

seeker:once i feel very happy when he was with me.
supporter:It seems like you are missing someone. Hope I get it correct
seeker:yeah but right now i would be recovering myself
supporter:May I know where the person is right now whom you are missing so much?
seeker:yeah he is in Canada right now.
supporter:means far away from you. It must be hard for you to stay apart from him.
seeker:yeah its been really hard for me before.But right now i am with my family.so i just recover from that.
supporter:That's great! I can feel you really have a great family support.
supporter:When I miss someone, I tried to call that person or do video call and spend time virtually. It makes me feel like that person is not far from me. I really feel connected. You should do that often. 
seeker:yeah i realize that too
seeker:no i think thats make me again hurt
supporter:May I know do you have any issues with each other?
seeker:no we dont have any issues between us.Its a situation that he decide to left me.
supporter:oh Sorry to hear about that. Are you still having good bon? If you want to stay connected with someone it is really important to have communication with each other. 
seeker:yeah but i had a good family right now.i don't want to hurt them either.
supporter:That's great if you want to move forward and forget about it. You should engage yourself in the activities which you like. It will help you a lot coming out from this situation.  
seeker:YEAH REALLY THANKS FOR YOUR SUGGESTIONS.I REALLY WORK ON IT.
supporter:Best wishes for you! Please let me know if you need any other help.
seeker:Really thanks for that.you done a great job.If i need any help means surely i'll revert you back.
supporter:ok! Have a wonderful day!
seeker:Sure you to have a great day.
supporter:I think you should submit the test now
seeker:May be you should submit the test.
supporter:I don't have the option to do  that as a Peer supporter
seeker:i too don't have an option like that.
supporter:It at right bottom below where we are typing chat
seeker:yeah but its not been only finish,its been finish and quit button.i don't want quit here.
supporter:yes click on that. You can only do that. I have only quit option. 
seeker:if i quit what happen then
supporter:Your test will be summited , don't worry. After you have to if a short survey. 
supporter:I can quit the test if you want me to do that, but we both won't be compensated then. 
seeker:okay ill trust on you.

supporter:What brings you online today?
supporter:Can I help you with anything today?  We can just chat if you don’t have anything in particular you’d like to discuss.
supporter:I’m Kim.  What’s your name?
seeker:Hi there, I'd love some help
supporter:Great! What’s going on?
seeker:I've been struggling with sleep over the last few months, and it's making me tired during the day. 
seeker:I have been finding it hard to stay asleep, and wake up tossing and turning constantly. 
supporter:Lack of sleep will definitely make you tired during the day!  Is there something bothering you that causes you to stay awake during the night?
seeker:I can't think of anything particular,  but my mood has been low generally for the last wee while which I imagine is probably the cause. I'm so tired during the day but as soon as my head hits the pillow at night I'm wide awake. 
supporter:Well it sounds like you’re tired enough for sleep, but you’re still wired and can’t get the sleep you need.  
seeker:That's exactly it. Do you have any advice on what I can do? 
supporter:Are you getting any physical activity in during the day to make body more willing to cooperate?
seeker:I'm working in a desk job so spend almost all day sitting down. That could be part of the problem. 
supporter:I’ve found that physical activity helps me to get to sleep even when I’m troubled mentally.  Another option is to slow your brain down so that your mind is relaxed.  That is much harder for me though!
seeker:That's a good idea. I could try go out for a walk either before or after work as a starting point and see if that makes a difference. 
supporter:That sounds like a good plan!  It also helps to make sure that it’s dark and very quiet.  Surprisingly enough, when they did research on sleep disorders they found that a lot of people just needed quiet and darkness.  
seeker:Have you tried lavender? I have heard pillow or room sprays can be good for sleep. 
supporter:Yep, I’ve tried a LOT of things.  I’m currently struggling with this myself.  I’m even trying out melatonin, tryptophan, and even CBD (not stoney weed oil)!  So far no success, but I’m still trying!
seeker:I've heard people mention melatonin - I might use that later if other methods dont work. It's good to know other people are in the same boat. 
supporter:It’s one of the reasons that it’s good to get outside.  Your body makes melatonin from sunshine, so going for a walk outside helps in 2 ways!
seeker:If we had a little more sunshine where I live that would be fantastic!
supporter:Getting good sleep is critical.  Supplementing with melatonin might help compensate for your lack of sunshine!
seeker:I'll look into it for sure. It's something I hadnt considered before this chat. 
supporter:Glad I could help.  
seeker:Thanks, the help was appreciated. 
supporter:Anytime.  Is there anything else you wanted to discuss?
seeker:That was all for today, thank you. 
supporter:My pleasure!  Hope your day goes well.  Sweet dreams!

seeker:Hello, would you be able to help me with a fear of mine?
supporter:Hello, how are you today? I will be glad to assist you.
seeker:Thank you. I'm a little fearful and sad today because I found out my mother hurt her knee and won't be able to work for a while.
supporter:Sorry to hear that. is it possible her job can give her light duties for a while 
seeker:Unfortunately she is a nurse and needs to be able to work with patients. I don't think there are any light duty options.
supporter:I can understand your concern for your mom, you sound like a caring child..
seeker:Thank you, I think I am. I am always worrying about my mother, so this is nothing new. Although, financially this will be more stressful.
supporter:If I am understanding you correctly, you feel your mom may not be able to sustain herself during her time of recovery, is that correct?
seeker:That's exactly right. I am worried because I think I may need to financially assist her if she doesn't recover soon and I also don't have much to sustain myself.
supporter:I totally understand. I have had to provide financial assistance in the past. A  technique that worked for me was reviewing and tweaking my expenditures for a short period of time. 
seeker:Yeah, that's a good idea. I should start saving a little bit specifically in case I need to help her. Thank you for the advice!
supporter:you are more than welcome. I hope your mom begins to feel better soon.
seeker:Thank you. Do you have any advice for how to calm down fear?
supporter:Your concern for your Mom is understandable. I can tell you are facing the fear just by thinking ahead as to how you can assist her.  As you come up with workable solutions, hopefully your fear will diminish.  You are doing a great job of being there for her.  
seeker:Thank you. That has given me a broader perspective, which I was in need of. I appreciate your help! Take care. Goodbye.
seeker:Oh, and let's both hope the best for my mom! :)
supporter:Good bye,  Take care, and again i hope your Mom's recovery is quick and fast. 
seeker:Actually it looks like we need to chat a couple more times to earn the bonus. Would you have any suggestions on how I could talk to my mother? Should I tell her that I can help her financially or wait for her to ask?
supporter:Do you think sharing your ability to assist will ease her anxiety as she goes thru this?   
seeker:I think it might, but I also don't want to insult her.
supporter:I feel the same way when i help others.  i usually support with love, but at the same time, I am around the situation to know if i need to step up financially.

supporter:Hi, I'm here to listen. What's going on?
seeker:Thank you. I've lost my job and I'm very nervous about the future
seeker:As a result I am having a hard time sleeping
supporter:Wow, that's very hard. I would be anxious too.
seeker:That makes me feel a lot better. Have you ever lost your job?
supporter:I have. I was laid off. It was nerve-racking, but also really sad.
seeker:What helped you get through it?
supporter:I had a bit in savings, but I looked for new jobs mostly. I was on unemployment insurance for about a month before I found a new job.
supporter:Have you made any plans yet about how to move forward?
supporter:I can offer some suggestions if you would like. I know about a lot of resources
seeker:I am a gig worker, so I cannot apply for IU. Its very hard, but i also have some savings.
seeker:What kind of tools would you recommend I use to get through this
supporter:Well, falling back on savings while you look for more work is good for a while. If you have any food insecurity as a result, there are often local food banks. It's really not something to be embarrased about, so many people face food insecurity through no fault of their own.
supporter:You could also give a call to your local social services because they will be able to tell you what resources would be available, whether it's a vocational program or temporary assistance.
seeker:Wow you're so helpful and encouraging! It's very nice to talk to you. 
seeker:Are there any meds you can recommend to help me sleep?
supporter:Well, if it's possible, I would talk to a doctor. If you're looking for Over-the-counter sleep medication, melatonin has helped me in the past. 
seeker:Wow! I've never used melatonin before. Did it really help you? Are you doing much better now?
supporter:It defiitely helps me fall asleep.
supporter:It's a natural sleep aid.
supporter:If something like that doesn't work, I would talk to a doctor. I know money will be tight though. Are there any free clinics near you?
seeker:I'll look into it. There's a lot of services in the general area that might be able to help me
seeker:It's been really nice talking to you
supporter:Thank you. I hope you're feeling a bit better. Is there anything else you want to talk about?
seeker:No I'm okay. I think that's everything :)
supporter:Alright, well I hope you have a good night. Good luck, you've got this!
seeker:You too :) Thanks <3
supporter:Bye!
seeker:bye

supporter:Hi there, how are you doing?
seeker:IM HANGING IN THERE HOW ARE YOU?
supporter:I am okay. What would you like to talk to me about?
seeker:Well, i have a problem with drinking alcoholI am so scared my job will find out
supporter:Do you drink when you are at work?
seeker:I have started calling in atleast twice as week.
seeker:I have started drinking at work close to the end of my shift in the bathroom
supporter:That does sound like it might be a big problem. How are  your employers reacting? 
supporter:It sounds like you have a big problem that needs professional help, would you agree? 
seeker:They have not mentioned anything to me yet. 
supporter:I think it is likely to have been noticed though, at least. 
seeker:Yes I agree it sounds like a really big problem, but what should i do?
supporter:I think the best thing would be to be really honest with your employers and ask if you can have time off for professional help. 
seeker:That is a good idea
supporter:Are you employers likely to be sympathetic?
seeker:my main concern, that makes me fearful is being fired, and being the talk of the workplace
supporter:Ah people do love to idly gossip don't they? I've been through that myself. I know it's hard to ignore them but it's best to try. 
seeker:My employer is an well known organization that employees over 3,000 people.
supporter:I do not know if they can fire you if you have a legitimate medical problem though.
supporter:Well you could always shame them if they unfairly fired you. 
seeker:Very good to know that I will look into it. It did not start overnight and I don't expect it to end overnight
seeker:lol, yes that is true.
seeker:Thank you so much for your time. 
supporter:Large corporations are always over concerned about their images. (we have to talk for fifteen minutes :))
seeker:oh ok I thought it was just for 10 lines, lol
seeker:but none the less, there are people really going through that scenario I just portrayex
supporter:naw there's a time thing too :). Anyway, what sort of therapy do you think would be appropriate for you? 
supporter:To be honest, and I mean this sincerely, I've been through it :( 
seeker:I believe rehabilitative therapy would be best
supporter:It can be very expensive though. In my country you can get it for free but there's a long waiting list. 
seeker:I have hads  a few drinks often but never abused it. thankfully. 
seeker:Well here you might can get help for free, but it does have to be paid back
supporter:Heh be grateful :) 
supporter:Are you in the US? Our healthcare system is a little less rigid here I think (UK)
seeker:Yes Im in the United States (Alabama) 
seeker:I heard of the UK so many times but truthfully I know nothing about it
supporter:Ah you are a long way away from me. I hope that you do manage to sort out your problems though and definitely do talk to your employers
supporter:Ah it's quite nice here. We pay for healthcare out of our taxes so it's free at source. 
seeker:I will eventually get the courage to, I know how people talk around here, especially in the South\
supporter:Gossipy people are the worst. Just remind yourself that they all have skeletons in their closets too 
seeker:great advice
supporter:Well anyway, I hope I have been able to offer your  some useful advice. I wish you all of the very best in the future.
seeker:I think also the best thing to do is to talk to great people like you
supporter:(can you press quit first and do the survey as I am not able to do it from my side)
supporter:Well thanks :) 

supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling today?
seeker:hello. meh. pretty sad
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. I will help if I can - what is the matter?
seeker:my family is very superficial
seeker:i'm sad they aren't able to connect with me in a meaningfulway
supporter:(Sorry I was afk) I am really sorry to hear that. Can you elaborate a bit?
supporter:Is it one specific family member or all of them?
seeker:lol its all of them...parents and sister
seeker:idk it's a bit personal and very sad. i wouldn't want to make you sad too 
supporter:Is the problem bad enough that you feel you would like to cut them off entirely? 
supporter:I am sorry, I was not trying to intrude :) 
seeker:yeah, actually my husband and i were talking about cutting them off 
seeker:i've cut them off before but this time i have more stability and am happy with my life (unlike they come and ruin all the nice things in my life with their bad attitudes)
supporter:It is a very big decision to make, but in some cases it is the best one. 
seeker:#toxicfamily - it's just all very sad
supporter:Is there any possibility of getting professional counselling or something before making the final decision?
seeker:yeah we just talked to my therapist
supporter:I am glad you have someone to talk to! 
seeker:she said its best to not even write them. ive been trying for over 25 years
seeker:yea my husband and therapist are the best
supporter:If a professional thinks that then maybe it really is the best thing to do. It seems unlikely they will change 
seeker:yeah they aren't changing. they actually are getting worse! my mom accused my aunt of stealing from her. and turns out the money was under her mattress the whole time...
supporter:That sounds really bad. Making false accusations about people is evil. 
seeker:yeah, and then she forced my aunt to drive her to the bank and tried to jump out of the car!
supporter:Okay that sounds really bizarre. I think you truly are better off without them 
seeker:yeah, she's a pretty terrible person :/
supporter:The saying that we can choose our friends but not our family is very true. 
seeker:yup
seeker:well thanks for listening
supporter:You're most welcome :) We need to keep talking till fifteen mins is up though. Is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
seeker:Yea i thought it was 15 minutes but there in the side panel it says 10-15 but we can do a couple more minutes too
supporter:No worries :). Please try not to fret too much about your problem - to be honest I have some weird family members too 
seeker:for real... it was his adoptive dad's 92 nd birthday and they refused to pay for his dinner. they said they would pay for their own dinner only. and my dad is rich
seeker:and my family is in south america and they aren't poor but c'mon!
supporter:Wow... that is seriously toxic. Definitely you should be away from them, it will improve your life a lot
seeker:an entire 6-course dinner for 6 people is like $50 smh.... they are just awful people
supporter:Anyway I hope I have been able to be of help and I wish you all the best for the future! I think things will be better when you are free of them. 
seeker:i hope so! its hard to cut them off but its worse if I stay
seeker:thanks dear. apprecaite the chat
supporter:you too :) Can you press quit and take the survey as for some reason I can't do it first my end 
seeker:thanks bye
supporter:bye :) 

seeker:Hello, how are you? 
supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling?
seeker:I'm alright, honestly I'm feeling rather ashamed. The reason for that and the problem that I'm facing is that I've had a drinking problem for quite a few years now, and I'm only 24 years old. Right now in my life I'm ready to seek help, but I'm having a lot of anxiety about it because I'm very worried about how others will judge me. I'm worried about how the counselors will see me, how others at a facility might view me, and any one else that I will have to share my story with when getting treatment and how they might view me. I'm ashamed of myself, my life, and the choices that I've made that have gotten me here and I guess my problem is that I just dont know how to get over these extreme anxieties and worries so that I can just finally make the step that I need so desperately and get help. 
supporter:I am in a good position to help you as I am in the same situation. Please know you are not alone. 
supporter:I would definitely recommend seeking help sooner rather than later! 
supporter:Hello? Are you wanting to talk?
seeker:Yes of course I didn't hear it go off, my apologies. I really appreciate that, it really is helpful knowing that I'm not the only one who feels this way
seeker:I really know that that's what I need to do, and I am trying my best to get over my fears and just do it ya know
supporter:What level of alcohol consumption do you have?
seeker:no matter how hard it seems, maybe it wont be when I actual do it
supporter:Trust me everyone will be very sympathetic :).  Everyone there will be in the same place
supporter:And the longer you keep drinking the more damage you are doing to yourself 
seeker:and quite a bit, about half a gallon or more a day . And thank you, I really do appreciate your help. I know that and I know its time for me to better my life because its no way to live ya know. Id like to grow up and have a normal life (: 
supporter:I am not sure how much half a gallon is to you ... I am in the UK and I know it differs between the US and UK :) 
seeker:thank you, i do feel better about going now. I just dont know what to expect and it can be scary sometimes
supporter:You will be treated with respect at all times. 
supporter:You might even find that you make some new friends :) 
supporter:Ping :) 
seeker:You're right, and that's what I probably need also is some friends who are in similar positions 
supporter:I'd recommend online message boards
seeker: They'd understand my situation more, and be good influences
supporter:Anyway I hope I have been able to help and thank you for talking! 
seeker:alright, I havent looked into those but thats a good idea. I definitely will tonight. 
seeker:Of course, you really have. I appreciate your advice, it really did help calm my mind about the whole situation. Thank you again (:
supporter:Most welcome! Can you press quit first as alas I can't do it from my end till you have
seeker:yes of course
supporter:just hit the quit button and fill out the survey :) Don't press return tho! 

supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling today?
seeker:Hi like I said a bit down
supporter:I did not see that, I am sorry. Do you want to talk about it? It might help.
seeker: Ohh thank you for the offer. Proscanation is my thing i guess, and this days I am paying for it
supporter:Is it affecting your work or your home life?
seeker:Yes it affects everything. 
supporter:Can you give me an example of something that has been affected recently?
supporter:For instance, I had been putting off cleaning my house and then some friends dropped by without warning and I was mortified.
seeker:I didn't meet deadline a year back, and lost my job. Now I couldn't even pay rents. Living with a sibling.
supporter:That sounds bad. Have you considered you might be suffering from depression? 
seeker:Probably
supporter:You sound quite lethargic. I think you should see a GP?
seeker:Thank you
supporter:Do you feel as though life is hopeless and there is no way forward?
seeker:No no no ... me the super optimist 
supporter:Well that is something :) What are you looking forward to?
seeker:Will achieve my goals with proscanation or not
supporter:What sort of goals have you set for yourself?
seeker:I have pills of written works, short stories, poetry novels and a few paintings, but not published yet. I might do that 
supporter:Well that sounds very creative! You should definitely publish 
seeker:There is always "next year" so I am waiting for it... 
supporter:No no do it now. You might have written a best seller and not know it. 
seeker:Thanks for talking to me,  very supportive. 
supporter:You are more than welcome. I hope you feel a little reassured now. 
seeker:Yeah. nice talking to you. Will leave you now.
supporter:okay, can you press quit first as I am not able to do that from my end :).
supporter:We can't end the HIT till you press quit and take the survey :) 

supporter:Hello, my name is Rose, how are you today?
seeker:Hi Rose. I'm ok, but I get embarrassed about my curly hair
supporter:What about your hair is embarrasing exactly?  Curls seem like a lovely thing to have (mine is dead straight, lets trade lol)  But no, seriously, what in particular don't you like about it?
supporter:i admire people who have natural curls
seeker:They are unruly and not the pretty kind of curls. Often get frizzy by the end of the day. It get's frustrating when I always look a mess.
supporter:Oh I could see that being frustrating, if you can't keep them neat. 
supporter:is your hair short or long?
seeker:It is long. 
supporter:have you thought of having it shorter, it might be easier to tame?
supporter:Just a thought....you say you always look like a mess...is that your personal opinion or has anyone else commented on your hair?
seeker:I started to cut it shorter last time, but my stylist said it would be big. It is hard to find the right product. 
seeker:It is my personal opinion. 
supporter:have you asked a friend for an honest opinion?
seeker:My friend likes my hair, but also says she can see that it is hard to manage.
supporter:I know I am my own worst enemy when it comes to my own appearance.  
seeker:I can totally relate to that.
seeker:I think we always want what we dont have.
supporter:One thing I have started doing, since my hair hasn't been cut for a year due to pandemic, is wearing hats.
supporter:my hair is driving me crazy, so I get your frustration
supporter:Is it long enough to braid?
seeker:I went a year without cutting mine as well for the same reason. That is probably why it felt so out of control now that you say that. Now that I am vaccinated I just got it cut. Maybe I will like it better now.
seeker:Yes, I do like braids. That is a good idea.
supporter:yay!  a haircut!!!  Congrats
seeker:Thank you. It does make it feel a little better.
seeker:I hope you can get yours cut soon too.
supporter:one last suggestion: ask more stylists' opinions perhaps?
supporter:oh thankyou....had my shot yesterday....now I have to wait for our lockdown to expire (May 20) so I have a bit more shag to go
seeker:Yes, good idea. It seems it has been so long to be able to do this. Maybe I need to think of a new style.
seeker:Had my second shot last Thursday so I hope opportunities like a new stylist happen soon.
supporter:Have you googled images for short curly hairstyles?
seeker:I will look on Pinterest. Good idea.
supporter:Second shot congrats!!   Very exciting.
supporter:Pinterest is a great source for hairstyles as I recall...there are boards and boards of them.  Good idea!
seeker:Thank you. I can't believe how relieved I feel knowing I've had it. Sick for a couple days but worth it. Now I will feel like looking at pinterest more. Maybe you are right and I need something new and fresh.
supporter:which vaccine did  you get?

seeker:Hi I am seeking support to assist me with better sleep patterns.
supporter:Hi there, let me get a deeper understanding of your existing sleep pattern. Do you suffer from insomnia or another type of sleep disorder? 
seeker:No, it is not insomnia.  
supporter:Okay, are you drinking enough water and eating a healthy diet? 
seeker:I could improve my water intake and eat more vegatables.
supporter:I like to analyze my own habits every now and then, it helps me stay in check. You can definitely benefit from meditating and self reflecting. 
seeker:Thanks!  What other ideas do you have?
supporter:Of course! I always knock right out after a workout. But if you aren't able to, just simple things like turning all the lights off at the same time every night and laying in bed will help. It will align your circadian rhythm! 
seeker:Great, but I wake up frequently thinking about the recent events surrounding police and how they treat black people.
supporter:It definitely is a valid reason to be kept awake. The only good part about something so horrible, is that you have the power to make sure you will continue to be a good person. If everyone was as empathetic as you, the world would be a better place. Thank you for caring so deeply about such a brutal matter. 
seeker:I wish there were more caring people in the world. 
supporter:Kindness is contagious, and you definitely have a kind heart. As long as you remain soft in a hard world, people will recognize that and follow suit. The world is becoming more aware, and we have the power to raise future generations with more knowledge and love for one another. Caring doesn't come naturally to many unfortunately, but the ways of inspiring the people that don't care, are endless. We as a society can definitely think of more ways to care for one another. 
seeker:Correct, but having a kind heart does not keep me from waking up & worrying about my son and other black men in my family. 
supporter:I worry about my sons and husband and father all the time... I shift my focus on loving them and cherishing every moment we have together. Police or not, the time we have is not promised.. 
seeker:That's good advice.
seeker:Are you still there?
supporter:A hot cup of tea never hurt too! But in all seriousness, I can completely understand your sleep troubles. It is much deeper than just that. Perspective is the key to life. You are a strong and empathetic soul. 
seeker:okay
seeker:Love conquers all
supporter:That is so beautifully true 
seeker:I'm looking forward to a fulls night rest. 
supporter:That is good, lavender baths or showers will also ease and relax the troubled mind. 
seeker:Relaxing is good therapy. 
supporter:I like to relax with a book and a blanket sometimes too. 
seeker:Self care is needed.
supporter:Self care is definitely something we can overlook accidentally. Being self aware is a daily practice.
seeker:I agree.  Loving ourselves & the ones we care about too.  
supporter:It is good that we spoke today, I am going to hug my sons a little harder when I see them tonight. 

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hell, How can I help?
seeker:I'm ashamed of how I look which makes me anxious when I have to attend zoom meetings, I have to leave my camera off.  It feels like cheating!
seeker:I am badly in need of a haircut due to the pandemic...my short layered hair is now shoulder length shag lol...I hate the way I look right now and it gets me down.
supporter:Initially, I used to feel like that and never shared my camera but I know I can do all the time.
seeker:oh really?  how long did it take you to get up the nerve....its been months and months of mic only for me lol...and the silly thing is the people i'm zooming with aren't particularly attractive so I shouldn't feel ashamed.
supporter:When I saw many people were sharing camera and they didnt care about anything - few sitting in room full of mess but they dint care.
seeker:in person i am much more confidant...would like to care less.
seeker:care less about being on cam i mean
seeker:some people look so comfortable and relaxed!  I just get seized up with anxiety
supporter:correct - it is just our mind thing which stops us not to share but once you start sharing you will feel confident.
supporter:Once you dont care what people think you will be more confident.
supporter:You will also be used to it
seeker:maybe i should take the plunge...it seems so silly to me because logically i am not in these meetings to impress anyone
seeker:maybe i'll pick the least threatening meeting and start there...one that's a smaller group
supporter:You can also try different backgrounds in Zoom which will improve the way you will look.
seeker:oh really?  I haven't experimented with that.   maybe I can get a friend to practise that with me
seeker:that's a good idea
supporter:Correct - you can start with your colleagues and then slowly you will start sharing in other meetings.
supporter:no problem - practice always helps. Start small and then go big.
seeker:its hard I'm getting older now (50's) and its hard seeing my appearance go downhill.   But at least it's happening with my other friends too lol.  Gravity is a bitch!
seeker:what age group are you in?
supporter:I am nearly 50 as well. People over 50s looks better and I am sure your appearance is good as well. It is just thinking.
seeker:hmm yes....my attitude and self defeating thoughts....i need to work on that, thank you for your encouragement
supporter:It is all inside and outside appearance doesnt matter
seeker:You know you're right there
supporter:All people over 50s are graceful - honest opinion.
seeker:maybe it's like a lot of things for me, that always seem worse until i try them, then i'm like "what was I so worried about"
supporter:No worries about anything and enjoy life.
supporter:100% agreed - Initially, all looks difficult but by the time all becomes easy and we become so used to it.
seeker:first world pandemic problems lol
seeker:i can't wait to have meetings in person again, so much better than zoom
supporter:yes this will be over soon and we are also used to it.
seeker:but i'm grateful we have zoom in the meantime, zoom's better than a conference call
supporter:100% agreed - In person is always way better than remote
seeker:amen to that....it being over soon....we have all had to be so very patient
seeker:thankyou for your help today.   so I will first practise with a friend, and play around with backgrounds.  then I will take the plunge in a low-key small meeting and see how it goes
supporter:I am sure it will be under control before end of 2021 - Optimistic.
seeker:yes me too :)
seeker:ok thank you again, stay safe and be well.  appreciate your help!  bye
supporter:we just have to wait and follow all the guidelines.
seeker:indeed
supporter:pls let me know if you need any help on sharing camera

seeker:I have been having such a hard time falling asleep at night.
supporter:No need to worry and I am sure you will be able to overcome this.
seeker:I sure hope so.
supporter:I had same issue with my sleep pattern and I did few things such as stretching exercise one hour before sleep.
seeker:What kind of stretching did you do?
supporter:I used few from plate but you can any like arms, legs and etc - full body stretching.
seeker:That is a good idea.
seeker:How did it work
supporter:It was really good and I also did lot of physical work throughout the day which helped a lot in falling a sleep at night.
supporter:Few other tips - life style changes, breathing exercise, reduce screen use, reduce stress, being more active.
seeker:Oh, those are a lot of choices to try
seeker:Do you have one that you think works best?
supporter:Yes You don't have to try all but just start with two to three first like breathing exercise, stretching and reduce screen usage.
seeker:Does this help you stay asleep or just fall asleep
supporter:I am sure you will see the difference in few days after trying these.
supporter:After trying these my sleep patterns improved a lot - I am still doing it.
supporter:Please let me know if you need any further help.
seeker:Sure. How was your mood after getting sleep?
supporter:Amazing feeling when you have sound sleep
seeker:Yeah, I would imagine everything seems better with sleep
supporter:Hope suggestion I have given enough if not please let me know if you need any more help.

seeker:Good afternoon.
supporter:How are you feeling today?
seeker:I am feeling okay how are you?
supporter:I am glad to hear that I am fine as well. How can I help you?
seeker:Thank you. That is good. I feel I am depressed because I have been bullied and it is still continuing today.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. How can I help you deal with the bullies? Can you stand up to them in a safe way?
seeker:Well, to be honest, dealing with these bullies are pretty tough, Is there a safe way I can handle them?
supporter:I understand your concern, but I feel you have to tell them that you do not deserve to be bullied and they need to stop now.
seeker:Okay. I will do that. Thank you.
seeker:Also, what if one of the bullies starts a fight with me?
supporter:Do you need any more advice on this matter or do you have any other concerns? The bully is the problem, not you. Do you have anyone who can stand up to them with you for support?
seeker:I do. One more piece of advice before we part ways. I have my fiance for support.
seeker:I would want to know how I can stand up to these bullies.
supporter:Have your fiance approach them with you so you are safe. Be strong and firm and do this in a very public area if possible so you have witnesses.
supporter:Do you have a meeting place where you feel safe?
seeker:Yes he has. I will thank you. Yes. We are meeting in a park and I have people who are coming down.
supporter:I hope this is all behind you soon so you can feel better.
seeker:I will thank you so much for your help.
supporter:When will this meeting take place?
seeker:Today at 5 pm.
supporter:Please take care and stay safe. Are you nervous?
seeker:I will thank you. I am but I think I will be alright.
supporter:I am so glad to hear this. Good luck!
seeker:Thank you!
supporter:You are welcome!
seeker:Have a great day!
supporter:You too!

seeker:I just can't make myself get started. There are so many dishes.
supporter:Sometimes even every day tasks can seem overwhelming. Do you have an idea of what makes you put off the dishes?
seeker:I feel like I just don't know where to start.
supporter:How long have you been hesitant to start?
seeker:I guess it has been a few days now.
supporter:I get it. Sometimes I find dishes so overwhelming that I will let them pile up. Maybe together we can figure out a way to break it into smaller tasks.
seeker:Ok, I suppose I can try that. But I don't quite know where to start.
supporter:It is so hard to figure out where to start sometimes. Ok, I'll help with a plan. Maybe you can glance at the dishes and pull out the largest one that is dirty. Let's start there.
seeker:Ok. That makes sense. There is a large pot. I think if I was that, maybe it would get me started.
supporter:yes, starting with the large pot would be a great place to start! Good thinking!
seeker:Ok, but then what?
supporter:Well, washing the pot will make the overall task look smaller. Then, let's pick a second type of dish to focus on. After you wash the large pot, try to focus on larger bowls, then plates and cups. You could leave the silverware for last.
seeker:Oh, thank you so much! It helps my anxiety to talk through a plan. Sometimes I get so anxious, it is hard to figure out how to break a large task down to something manageable on my own.
supporter:I am always happy to help. I find it difficult sometimes too.
supporter:I really think you are figure out how to get through this and help your anxiety.
seeker:Wow do you think so?
seeker:Have you every had anxiety like this?
supporter:Yes, I have. I often look at work assignments as larger than they are and can only get started when I break them down.
supporter:I really think you have done great job figuring out how to tackle the task that is causing you anxiety.
seeker:I think so too. I hope I can apply this to other things.
seeker:So, it's easy to figure out with things like dishes because there is a size. How do you do it when it is a task that isn't physical like this. Like work?
supporter:So, I see that you get how to do this with this task, but it is still hard to figure out how to conquer tasks that aren't physical like dishes.

supporter:Hello, how is your feeling now?
seeker:I feel very bad right now. I don't know how I should make my daughter understand that her dressing is not appropriate
supporter:It sounds like your daughter does not understand your feelings.
seeker:I think she does but is only being rebellious due to peer pressure. She is a good sensible girl.
supporter:I had similar situations. I had to tell my son to dress appropriately too.
seeker:Should I take her for counselling so that she can understand that she doesn't have to dress like her friends in order to be with them?
supporter:Before you do that, did you communicate with her directly and express your concerns?
seeker:I have tried that before and have even asked her grandmother to have a chat with her.
supporter:I totally understand how you feel. Take a deep breath and it can help you feel better.
seeker:She doesn't have a mom figure in her life because her mom passed on when she was only three.
supporter:So sorry to hear this. I do think professional counselling can help.
seeker:Its been quite a challenge to play both mom and dad in her life. Sometimes I feel inadequate to deal with female issues.
supporter:From our short conversation, I can feel the weights on your shoulder.
seeker:It feels nice to know someone can understand me because I rarely talk about my feelings openly.
supporter:Yes, you have done very well. Don't get discouraged.
seeker:So do you suggest I seek professional help for her?
supporter:Yes, please do. I also suggest youself watch some motivation videos online such as Jon Jandia's "life is easy".
supporter:Life is easy. We made it too complicated.
seeker:I will take your suggestion. And do you think its a good idea to take her shopping and show her some of the outfits that I approve off?
supporter:Yes, it is a good idea. Also tell her those clothes do not make her a different person. She can look at the mirror and she will see she is still the same no matter what clothes she wears.
seeker:Thank you so much for the encouragement.
supporter:You are very welcome, good luck for everything.
seeker:Bye.
supporter:Take care, bye for now.

supporter:How is your feeling now?
seeker:I have mixed feelings sad and angry at the same time.
supporter:It seems that you are feeling blue and upset by others, right?
seeker:Yes. Am sad because I love my mom so much and I never like to get into arguments with her.
supporter:From the short conversation, I can feel how sad you are.
seeker:Yes. My mom never approves of most of the things I do.
supporter:What kind of arguments did you have with your mom?
seeker:Like the kind of friends I should have. I believe I have freedom to choose my friends not her.
supporter:I had similar situation like yours. My mom did not want me to make friends with some people. 
seeker:Really? How did you deal with that because for me it makes me angry.
supporter:I just had good conversations with my mom to express my thoughts. Did you have a frank chat with your mom to express your concerns?
seeker:I try to but it never ends well if I don't agree with her suggestions.
supporter:Take a deep breath and it can make you feel better.
supporter:What are her concerns about your friends?
seeker:OK! I have taken a deep breath. 
supporter:ok, that's good. tell me more about your mom's concerns of your friends.
seeker:She feels that they have some bad influence on me because of their family background. I don't do anything bad with them.
seeker:Some of my friends are so good they even inspire me to be better everyday.
supporter:My mom told me similar concerns before. It is understandable.
seeker:All I need is to find a way to show her that I can make some good decisions as well and that she can trust me to make good friends. I have never gotten into trouble before with my friends
supporter:My suggestion is that tell her these facts and she can make a better decision. I think she assumed your friends are bad influencers just based on their family background. 
seeker:Do I need to buy her a gift or something to let her know I care so as to start the conversation?
supporter:Yes, a good idea, it pleases her.
seeker:Thank you for your time.
seeker:Bye
supporter:You are welcome. Hope it will go well.

supporter:Hi! How are you today?
seeker:The struggle is real my kids act as if they dont hear me which causes me to become overwhelmed and loud then they dont wanna listen anymore. I am well today and you/
supporter:That sounds really hard! Does that mean things tend to escalate quickly in your home?
seeker:I am loking for ways to communiate better specifically with my 5 year old son. well i always get yelling as a response which is what i cant seem to breakas soon as my son gets mad he screams and calls for me no mater where i am or where he is
seeker:I don't wanna yell i wanna get my points across. I also homeschool them all so i am mom teacher and bas guy
seeker:bad guy
supporter:That sounds really challenging. I grew up in a home with a lot of yelling, and after a few years it just became our default for communicating with each other. I really regret that we didn't do anything to change the pattern sooner.
supporter:What have you tried to break the pattern so far?
seeker:yes i can not have that become the normal. I want to feel proud of their beviors they need to learn manners which i think is someting they really missed out on in public schools. the need to conform wouldve taught them manners without them even noticing. So far i try to keep myslef calm and communicate simplyi still get screams back and i just try to make him ty again with a nice voice and tell him i am here to help if he can talk to me
seeker:Do you have kids? what do you suggest? somedays I feel like I am in a mad house. 
supporter:That sounds like you're trying really hard to set a good example.
supporter:It also sounds like you think they may have learned that yelling is okay from their schools. Is that right?
seeker:i am trying but i was not raised with the best habits so teaching myself and my kids to be good and consotant has been a challenge
seeker:no i thnk they wouldve learned why not to yell at peopel if they went to public school
seeker:they are homeschooled with me, my daigther went to preschool briefly but that was it
supporter:I understand that - I've spent a lot of time trying to teach myself to be better than the home I grew up in
seeker:darn parents, lol
supporter:Ahaha exactly!
supporter:I don't have kids of my own, but I've been trying to learn from my friends who do have kids
seeker:i do hope they learn to be kind and strive to learn and be smart. games and devices have also become somewhat of the enemy, and savior somedays 
seeker:good plan, learn before you have your own, thats what my plan was, i was supposed to have life figured out before they got here
supporter:One of my friends who has a really peaceful household maintains a high standard of speaking to her kids like adults and only engaging in conversation when they're speaking respectfully
seeker:but ya know they have been the best teachers this far in my life
seeker:good tips i will try to do that more and talk to them like adults
supporter:I really like how she does that - only engaging in respectful conversation and not letting the yelling escalate
supporter:I work with kids sometimes, too, and it seems like they all just want to be big kids and be treated that way, too
seeker:i try not to engage in harmful destructive communication yes that is important, i am so emotional it is hard to stay calm when i am not liking what's happening
supporter:It's so hard! Who can be a full-time parent and best friend and take care of your own life, too
supporter:It sounds like you have the best intentions, and you're working really hard on it 
seeker:well me hopefully lol
supporter:It can be so hard, so frustrating, and so easy to revert to those habits we both grew up with
seeker:thanks i guess i make it sound ok, i am ok they are good kids at the core thewy kjust need to work on not freaking out
seeker:yes it can i get loud too much and my mom always yelled i hated it and told myself I hated it growing up
supporter:I have a co-worker who has kids with special needs, and she has this great phrase for working with her kids
seeker:what is it
seeker:i must know lol
seeker:any and all advice taken here
supporter:She says, "is this a small feeling or a big feeling?" and then, "Are you having a big reaction, or a small reaction?", and it really helps her kids self-soothe
seeker:interesting is she implying having a big reaction to a small feeling is unnessacary?
supporter:She's also taught them that if they're being mean to mom (taking something else out on her), they're allowed to say, "I'm sorry, I'm not acting or feeling my best right now, and I'm going to take a minute to myself." Do you think your kids might relate to that?
seeker:thats wise i must sit with that for a bit and at least talk about their feelings more i bet if i help my kids to feel more validated they will feel heard better and maybe not yell 
supporter:Yea, exactly! Trying to teach her kids that it makes more sense for their reactions to be more proportionate to their feelings and to the importance of a situation. It's really helped her address tantrums and help her kids be more self-aware
seeker:i would fall over if my kids said that to me, lol, that would be an improvement to say the least
seeker:wow is she a therapist/
supporter:Ahahahah. I believe in you!
supporter:Just the mom to a kid with autism. She's had to learn a lot of special skills!
seeker:thanks a lot random stranger, lol, no offense, it is just so random where we find support right lol 
seeker:i am thankful for all the advice
supporter:Happy to be a helpful random stranger to you!
supporter:Good luck!
seeker:your two sense has helped thanks alot, i gonna go talk to my son now while this is fresh on my  mind have a good day
supporter:I'll be thinking of you :)
seeker:thanks my name is kaleigh
seeker:whats your stranger 
supporter:I'm Marissa
seeker:nice to meet you and have a good one

seeker:Hi Thank you for your time.
supporter:Of course, I would love to hear what is going on.
seeker:Thank you. My name is DJ and I do appreciate your time.
supporter:What would you like to discuss?
seeker:I really have a desire to write a life experience book to help others overcome past failures and struggles.
supporter:That is great!  I am sure so many people would benefit from the advice and outlook.
seeker:I am 66 and believe I can help others. I lack so much motivation.
seeker:Thank you. That is very affirming.
seeker:Yet, I have a block. I feel unworthy to write. Who am I.
supporter:It seems like it might be overwhelming for you to begin.  Maybe you can start small, like think of ideas or maybe just start writing 10 minutes a day.
supporter:Everybody has a story and we can all learn from others.  You don't need to a famous but just honest with what you have learned from your life.
seeker:Yes, I have been given this encouragement from other writers. Yet, still feel like I lack motivation and passion.
seeker:Hmmmm. That is so true. 
seeker:I just get frustrated with myself.
supporter:Maybe you can start with a part of your life that you do feel passionate about first.  I know for me, it's easier to start with something I enjoy the most.
seeker:Yeah, thats interesting. I am a Life Coach and that is what I tell others.
supporter:Yes, I understand it is easy to get frustrated with a lack of motivation.
seeker:Thanks. I appreaciate what you are saying.
seeker:Have you ever thought about writing....book, blog?
supporter:I am happy to help. Sometimes what we need is someone who affirms our dreams.
supporter:I haven't, I'm not much of a writer.  However, who knows in the future.  
seeker:You said you understand my frustration.....How so? 
seeker:Sorry, I don't mean to be forward. I have had others tell me they understand. And yet, really don't. 
seeker:They are nice, encouraging. And appreciated
supporter:Oh, I definitely feel frustrated with myself when I was to start a project and don't have the energy or motivation to go through with it.  This has happened on many home projects or craft project.  Or even with losing weight and make healthy decisions.
supporter:No, I am glad you asked.  It is important to be honest and learn from others.
seeker:Wow! Thank you for sharing. I appreciate your honesty and you definatly understand about frustration.
seeker:Yes, that is so true. That is what I do with those I Coach, counsel and consult with
seeker:Yeah, I appreciate chatting. This is good.
supporter:Well, I hope I encouraged you a little to keep going and start you book, at least a part you enjoy.  
supporter:You are welcome.  Good luck with your book.
seeker:Yeah, I've got some ideas. I need to take my own advice.
seeker:Thank you for your time. You are good at this. Take care. God bless.
supporter:Haha, yes, sometimes listening to ourselves can be the hardest!
supporter:Good bye!
seeker:This has been refreshing. Bye. 

seeker:I don't know what to do anymore. i feel completely lost.
supporter:Can you talk more about your feelings now?
seeker:Well i just feel ugly all the time. ive changed my eating habits and i just cant seem to lose any weight
seeker:and i know or i feel as if hes just not physically attracted to me anymore and that breaks my heart
supporter:I can completely understand your feelings. I can feel how stressed out you are about your weight.
supporter:Did you try doing more exercises and control your diet? 
seeker:ive tried talking to him about it but he doesnt seem to even listen to me at all. 
seeker:i have changed my diet, and take walks with my kids but dont really have a gym membership. and anyone to watch my kids 5 and 3. 
seeker:but for some reason i cant get below 150.
supporter:I have experienced similar situation. I talked to a consultant and he gave me some good advice on diet. Did you talk to a professional?
seeker:mind u i was 125 and fit for the 10 years we were together before we had kids 
seeker:like a doctor? 
seeker:because my other siblings who are very much in our lives are health freaks and fanatics
supporter:I talked to a nutritionist and it really helped. They are professionals who can look into your diet and give suggestions. 
seeker:but they dont have kids
seeker:i did get a sensitivity food test that showed me what could possibly be triggering my body
supporter:Can you hire a nanny and free your time?
seeker:that did help me in what i should eliminate
seeker:cant really afford a nanny for 2 kids at the moment 
supporter:Were you able to eliminate those foods?
supporter:Some gym provides free day care and you can drop to their day care before you start exercises. 
seeker:not all completely but i have been taking a little bit out at a time. 
seeker:yeah not around here especially because of the pandemic
seeker:in california things are really expensive here
supporter:Did you consider moving to cheaper locations?
seeker:not really i have family here which i want my kids to be as close as possible i would have to move to another state. but that would take a lot of consideration on both of our parts
seeker:i just dont understand why my bf wont take me serious and actually listen to me when im telling him how i feel
supporter:yes, I can completely understand your situation. Just from chatting with you, I can see how many things are on your plates.
supporter:Did you guys seek professional help on relationship?

supporter:Hello my name is Sharon, how are you today? :)
seeker:Hi Sharon. Am good just concerned about my son.
supporter:Oh I see.  What's happening with your son?
seeker:I suspect my son is in bad company. His most recent behaviour is so different from what I am used to
supporter:Oh that's hard to deal with.   My daughter ran with a bad crowd for a while and I remember the deep worry.
supporter:What sort of behaviour are you noticing?  How old is he?
seeker:My son is 15. Recently he's keeping to himself and mostly stays locked in his room. He barely allows anyone in.
supporter:And when you try and talk to him about it what does he say?
seeker:He says he's studying online. But I suspect he's doing other stuff online apart from study
supporter:Oh I see.  Apart from isolating how is he doing otherwise, like at school?  Is he still seeing his friends at all?
supporter:It can be scary not knowing what our kids are up to online.
seeker:Not really. He just has this one particular friend who comes over sometimes and they lock themselves in the room.
supporter:Hmm.  So a lot of mystery.   I can understand you being worried.   Is he your only child?
seeker:I am so scared I don't want to confront him I have always tried to show him how much I trust him as away to make him feel responsible enough
seeker:Yes. He is my only child and I am single parent 
supporter:Thats good parenting!   Perhaps if you frame it as being about you, e.g. "I am getting really worried, can you please explain....it's affecting me (affecting my sleep/work/whatever" .... maybe it will inspire him to be more forthcoming
supporter:Any signs of depression?   I have been depresed before, and self-isolating can be a symptom, I've been there...
seeker:Never thought of it that way. That could be a possibility. But he always seems happy and we chat a lot onlythat he his behind closed doors in his room for a long time everyday.
seeker:Am also concerned about the friend who comes over. I don't really know his family or home just that he's from the neighborhood and they go to the same school.
supporter:Hmm.  My other thought is tell him what you just told me, that you have been trying to show him that you trust him....but be honest and tell him you are afraid.   Hopefully, he won't want you feeling that way, and will open up a bit.
supporter:Yes I can see that being concerning when you know nothing about the friend.   Yet you walk a fine line because he needs the freedom and autonomy to choose his friends without explanation required...it's such a balancing act.   I can tell you that I have raised a daughter, and that teen years were tougher than toddlerhood.   Lots of worry, but she came through it and is fine now.
supporter:I wonder if there is a teacher he is close to that you could bring your concerns to, perhaps the teacher may have some insight about yoru son to offer?
seeker:I find reassurance from your words. Its been tough for me this far we have come with my son and I want us to be close even as he growing up to become a young man. I have a good relationship with their teacher and will definitely give her a friendly call to know more from her.
supporter:Oh good.   And it may be just a normal part of his development.   Teens pull away from parents, peer group becomes far more important.  It may be as simple as that.
supporter:It took my daughter about 15 years to "come back to me" and now we have a close relationship again....so even if he seems to be drifting away know that it's normal and that will change in the future.
seeker:Good to know that from an experienced parent. I will try communicate my worries and my intensions to him. I hope he will understand and not pull away.
supporter:And in the meantime remember to take extra good care of yourself :)   Sometimes as moms we forget to do special things for ourselves.   You are doing the hardest and most imporant job in the world so it's important to recognize that and reward yourself for it.   I hope that conversation goes well for you, that you will have with him.
seeker:Thank you for your time and experienced advise.
supporter:Oh you're so welcome, it's been a pleasure speaking with you.
seeker:The pleasure was all mine. Bye.
supporter:bye :)

supporter:Hello how are you doing today?
seeker:Am ok but feeling sad and anxious
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you are sad and anxious. Do you know what is causing you to feel that way?
seeker:Yes. I recently lost my childhood best friend to covid 19.
supporter: I can only imagine how sad you feel from losing your best friend. Hopefully chatting some will help. I know in the past when I lost someone it was nice to just have a conversation to help put my mind at ease.
seeker:Sure. I feel so lonely sometimes because we were very close.
supporter:I can imagine that you are feeling lonely. Did you have any mutual friends with your best friend that you can reach out to? I am sure they are feeling the same way and it could help both of you to talk to each other and share stories.
seeker:Yes we have mutual friends. I do reach out to them sometimes. But the feeling doesn't go away. It makes me have sleepless nights. I can't sleep. Every time I close my eyes I see him very close to me like we are having conversations. 
supporter:It sounds like you were really close to your best friend. It can take time to get through the grief of losing someone. Things will get better I promise.
seeker:I hope so too. And I hope he is a better place. Have you ever lost someone close to you?
supporter:I lost my father when I was 19. That was pretty tough and it took me years to be OK with it. There are still days a decade later where I think about him and miss him. 
seeker:Sorry to hear that. 
supporter:Time heals all wounds. While that doesn't sound helpful now it is true. I also found focusing on the good experiences I had with my father (or in this case your best friend) helps. Remembering the times where you both were happy. 
seeker:I will try to do that. How can I handle this sleepless nights?
supporter:That's a tough one. I personally still struggle with sleep for other reasons. Some things that can help is taking melatonin 30 minutes before bed. I have also had some luck with white noise machines or other soothing sound machines. The biggest thing is to not use your bedroom for anything but sleeping; so don't read a book or play on your phone in bed, you have to train your body that when you go to bed it is time to sleep. 
seeker:Sounds like stuff I can try out. 
seeker:I have a strong attachment to my phone. Will be a tough one to try leaving it off while I try to get some sleep.
supporter:Having a bedtime routine is also another tip. Try to do the same thing every night before bed. Have a consistent bedtime, wake up around the same time everyday, even on days that you don't have to go to work.
supporter:Yes, phone's are tough to give up but soooo many studies show how bad they are for your sleep. 
supporter:I believe in you though, you will get through this.
seeker:Good thoughts there. Will definitely try out the tips. I feel better already just talking to you.
seeker:Thank you, Bye.
supporter:You are welcome. I am sorry for your loss and I hope for the best for you.

supporter:Hello how are you today?
seeker:Am feeling down and blue.
supporter:I understand that you are feeling down and blue and that isn't good. What is making you feel down and blue do you think?
seeker:Recently no one in my family is talking to me. I think they are mad I went back to taking alcohol.I was depressed because I lost my job.
supporter:I've struggled with alcohol before too and understand how tough it is to not drink especially during a tough time like after losing a job. Don't beat yourself up, it's only natural and you have the power to get through this trying time.
seeker:I feel calm to know someone else knows what am feeling.
supporter:How long ago did you lose your job?
seeker:How can I stop going back to alcohol when am depressed?
seeker:Its been a few weeks since I lost my job but I never told anyone In my family.
supporter:My advice is to try to talk to your family and explain to them that you lost your job and are feeling down. While they may not accept it at first it is a good start to try to give them some context for why you are drinking.
supporter:Alcohol is a way of self medicating; some people find it helpful to talk to a doctor to get an actual prescription for a medication to help. I personally stopped drinking once my doctor found the correct medication for me. That allowed me to be happy without drinking.
seeker:I am not sure who to talk to first. Mom or Dad? Am worried my mom will make a big issue out of it.
supporter:Talk to who you feel most comfortable with. Start off easy. Hopefully they can help you then talk to the other parent. I am sure your parents have once had a period in life where they were down and blue and can relate to what you are going through.
seeker:I feel reassured now will definitely find time to face dad and let him know what am going through. Thank you was nice talking to someone who can understand me easily. 
seeker:Bye
supporter:You are welcome. Best of luck! 
supporter:I believe you have to end the conversation as I am not able to. I am here to keep on talking too if you would like.
seeker:One more question, did you stop drinking alcohol completely or did you go about your consuption?
supporter:I have done both; I have gone periods of 6-12 months having nothing to drink and then when I could control it I would allow myself to have drinks on special occasions. I tried not to drink during the week and only once on the weekend at most.
seeker:That sounds like a good plan. I hope I will also come up something that can work for me. Also, will try seeking help from my doctor.
seeker:Thank you once more. Bye
supporter:You are welcome. Have a nice day!

seeker:It keeps us up at night because we know she isn't sleeping.  Worse part is there is nothing we can do to help her.
supporter:Hi! It seems someone in the family is having sleeping issues. Correct me if I am wrong
seeker:My daughter is really sick and its causing her to have trouble sleeping.  Not sure what to do.
supporter:Sorry to here about it. It must be hard for you to see her in trouble. 
supporter:May I ask What happen to her. 
seeker:It is.  She's miserable, and it's causing us to not sleep as well.
seeker:It's nothing serious, common cold, but she has asthma so whenever she gets sick, it causes labored breathing.
supporter:I can feel how stressed you are right now but she will recover fast. 
seeker:I know she will, I always lack sleep whenever she's not feeling well.  I wish I could be sick for her.
supporter:When my kid have cold, I nebulize her and later it make her sleep well
seeker:We do the same for her, and it helps for a couple hours but then she's up again.
supporter:Some people says giving green tea helps in cold.
seeker:Really, I'll have to try that. Thank you!
supporter:Taking steamed shower helps in cold as well. You can try that too. I will pray for her speedy recovery.
seeker:Thank you so much.  You have been very helpful.
seeker:I feel much better after talking with you.
seeker:I hope you have a good rest of the day.
supporter:Mt best wishes are there with you. Be positive she will sleep well and recover soon.
seeker:I will. And I pray that she will.

supporter:Hey, how are you today?
seeker:Hello! I am doing ok today. Just getting through the day I suppose.
supporter:It sounds like you're having a rough day. 
supporter:Anything in particular happened? 
seeker:Just an average day if I had to describe it. Nothing particularly unusual or bad. Worked for about 8 hours and now no plans for the night
supporter:I get that. Some days are just meh, but nights can feel especially lonely. 
seeker:Exactly. I find that when the night starts seeping in the loneliness comes up especially with no concrete plans or things to keep busy
supporter:I've felt like that too. The business of the day makes you forget, then it's time for bed and you remember. 
seeker:And for me it's the build up to bed time. Those hours to fill with either dinner, watching tv, reading or whatever. Plenty of time let me mind wander and think the worst.
supporter:It sounds like your day to day gets very lonely. 
seeker:From time to time yes. I have a dog so that's nice company
seeker:Even then I sometimes turn to drinking to clear my mind
supporter:Dogs or pets in general really help to alleviate depression. 
seeker:Yes! Something to make me feel needed and companionship knowing he's depending on me
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any friends to talk to or groups about it you can join?
supporter:Exactly! Dogs really do love you no matter what. 
seeker:I do. I've been better about reaching out to people and joining a few online groups. It has helped for sure but I still find myself with the feelings from time to time
supporter:Personally, I have a betta fish, but he seems happy to see me.
supporter:That's great! The first step in recovery is reaching out for help. You're doing the right thing.
seeker:That's cute. Fish are less work than dogs but still a way to feel needed with food and water changes
seeker:That's good to hear. Sometimes I think I'm not doing enough to get help but each meeting or talk with friends is a step in the right direction
supporter:I'm glad he doesn't need to walk, but I'm sure the fresh air is nice.
supporter:I know it can feel like you're a bother, but you aren't. I'm glad you're reaching out to those who care. 
seeker:Thanks. Good to hear that even from a stranger. It feels like a bother to burden others with my "problems" even though they are supportive 
supporter:I feel like that too. It's easy to feel "strong" for holding it in, but it's just as strong to let those feelings out.
supporter:Well, stronger. I'm sorry. I hope that made sense
seeker:Even this was helpful. I was leaning towards pouring that first drink of the night soon, but just a quick chat like this has helped me reframe and stay strong for tonight at least
supporter:I'm glad. Things are tough but you can do it! Moment to moment is easier than a day at a time.
seeker:Well, thank you so much. This was a nice chat that definitely helped me. Hope you have a good rest of your night
supporter:I hope you do too. Keep reaching out when you need it.

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello my name is Sue, how are you today?
seeker:I am ok. Just very sleepy.
supporter:Why are you sleepy?  Long day?
seeker:I have been having trouble getting to sleep on time.
supporter:Oh I see, so you aren't getting enough sleep am I right?
seeker:Yes. I find it hard to fall asleep. This happens most nights
supporter:What typically happens when you try to go to sleep?   Is it hard to quiet your mind?
seeker:I just feel anxious and sometimes I don't even know why. But yes my mind keeps going. 
supporter:Not sleeping well is a problem I have on and off as well, and I have found those next days so tiring and frustrating.   If you like I can share some of the things that have helped me?
seeker:Yes please. Maybe something you did could help me too. Did you also have trouble quieting your mind?
supporter:I use this great free podcast called Tracks to Relax, it has guided meditations that really help me get to sleep.  The seem to shut down my mind when I am thinking too much at bedtime.   Which can happen to me some nights, anxieties can keep me awake.
supporter:The host's voice is super soothing and he spirits you away to the beach or the woods and before you know it you're out!
supporter:I also have strict bedtime/waketime that I follow, it's set up on my cellphone.  No more sleepign in, because that just made it harder for me to get to sleep the next night.
seeker:That sounds like something I could try. Did you just google Tracks to Relax?
supporter:um I think there may be a website but I found it by opening up the Podcast app on my phone and doing a search..  There are premium options but I just use the free stuff
supporter:do you use spotify?
seeker:I have in the past. Is it on Spotify?
supporter:um i am not sure let me check real quickly, one moment
seeker:That is very nice of you
seeker:Thank you
supporter:yes it is!  you are welcome
seeker:How long does it go for? 
supporter:The reason I brought up spotify is that sometimes I listen to a playlist on there called "Gentle Lapping Waves" which is super relaxing...and I set my cellphone to turn it off after half an hour or so.   As for Tracks to Relax I think most are about 40 minutes?   To be honest I am not sure.   I fall asleep midway through hehe
supporter:do you have someone you can talk to about your anxieties like a counsellor?
seeker:I do not. But I will try with the podcast. It is easy and free. And if it gets worse I can look into getting professional help.
seeker:Thank you for listening to me and thank you for your recommendations. 
supporter:OH another trick I use to get the thoughts "out of my head" is journaling.  You are so welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you.   All the best in your quest for a good night's sleep :)
seeker:That is a good idea too! Thanks again and enjoy the rest of your day.
supporter:you as well :)

supporter:Hi! How are you doing? 
seeker:Hi, i'm really anxiety for my next test
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. What about it is making you anxious? 
seeker:Perhaps I'm worried if I'll pass the test or not
supporter:That definitely would make someone anxious. 
supporter:Do you want advice, or would you just like me to be here for you?
seeker:can you give me an advice?
supporter:Of course. It might help to do something that relaxes you: listening to music, or maybe talking to a friend.
seeker:I like listening to music, it's really goof to relax
supporter:Maybe, you can practice some self affirmation too! If you studied and paid attention, you know you can do your best on the test.
seeker:talking to a friend sometimes it help too
seeker:Yes, it's true
seeker:but I always paid attention on the class
supporter:Sometimes, when you've done all you can do, it helps to rewind.
supporter:You sound like a good student, I know you'll do your best
seeker:well, I tried to do good, but not all the times. 
seeker:Thanks for the advice
supporter:I know it can be frustrating when we don't do well, but that's ok.
supporter:Of course! If you're done talking, feel free to end the session
seeker:Yes, but at least I do everything that I can do. 
seeker:No, it's ok
seeker:Probably I will try to listen to a music before the test
supporter:Okay, whenever you're ready.
supporter:I know you'll try very hard! Relax so you can do your best
seeker:Yes, because sometimes I see people studying before the test and I don't think it's a good idea due to you will be more anxious
supporter:I agree. It can stress you out more when you're already stressed.
seeker:People try studying until late and they don't sleep properly which is bad for them
seeker:I try study the day before but not until late
seeker:and sleep well
supporter:Yes, people do better on tests when they are well rested.
supporter:It sounds like you're on the right track! Keep it up.
seeker:ok, I good now. thank you for talking to me
seeker:bye
supporter:Have a nice day/night/evening!

seeker:I could not sleep at night.
supporter:That is unfortunate to hear; is this a usual difficulty at night?
seeker:Yes. At all nights I feel insecured
supporter:It is most uncomfortable when you cannot feel secure in your bed for sleep.
seeker:Yes. I feel like there is no one for me. I think I need some support.
supporter:Some nights I have suffered from feeling as you describe.
supporter:Have you discussed this with anyone you feel close with? 
seeker:No I feel ashamed to discuss my problem. What did you did in your situation?
supporter:In my situation, I met a small pet dog I became close with; he does not like to sleep alone either, so we are now close and keep each other company at night to sleep.
supporter:Do you think a small pet would be of any comfort to your situation?
seeker:That is a good idea but I don't like dogs.
seeker:I think I may try it with cats or fishes. What do you think about it?
supporter:I understand everyone has their preference about pets or animals. 
seeker:Yeah Thank you for understanding me. I thought no one understands me. 
supporter:A cat is a sweet companion and also like to sleep comfortable with people at night. 
seeker:Yes now I decided to buy a cat. And I think my problems will be sorted after the cat comes.
supporter:I feel alone sometime as well, so do not feel misunderstood. I believe it may be natural for us to feel this way from time to time.
seeker:Yes That may be true. But my problems are disturbing my sleep.
supporter:Hopefully, having a new friend who also enjoys sleeping will assist you with this particular disrbance.
supporter:Hopefully, having a new friend who also enjoys sleeping will assist you with this particular disrbance.
seeker:Yes I think so. I will try out this idea for my next night sleep. 
seeker:Do you have any other ideas
supporter:Have you ever considered an online friend to chat with before going to bed to help to keep you  company? 
seeker:No I never considered this before.
supporter:This has helped me to calm my mind in the past, since sometimes they can also relieve their mind with you before they sleep as well. Just as we are talking now.
seeker:Thank you for your concern.
supporter:Do you think this may be a relatable way to help soothe your mind before sleeping?
seeker:Yes I think so
supporter:There are many different people to chat with and know. Many friendly and funny ones too.

supporter:Hi! Hope you are doing great! How can I assist you?
seeker:I need assistance in sleeping sound at day time.
supporter:I looks like you have hard time in sleeping. Correct me if I am wrong.
seeker:Yes. I don't want to go by medicine.
supporter:Are you working late at night? is that the reason you want to sleep at day time.
seeker:Not late at night. But thoughout the night, starting in the evening ending in the morning. In between I can sleep enough I want, no throughout the night.
supporter:I can totally understand how you feel without proper sleep. Our body need full rest to function well.
seeker:Do you know any kind of exercise that can bring good sleep, not a medicine.
supporter:As far as I understand that you don't have long sound sleep. 
supporter:May I know your schedule please. Just wanted to know how intense is your work and trying to analyze the reason behind sleeplessness.
seeker:Yes again. I have to do something to sleep well.
seeker:My schedule starts in the evening extends through the night. But I can take sleep as much I want. But not throughout the night.
supporter:When I feel restless and want to sleep well, I take warm shower before sleeping and it helps me. At day time try to keep your bedroom dark so you can sleep for longer.
supporter:Enough sleep is very important for good health. 
seeker:Warm shower helps you sleep. I learn to do that. I was thinking a bath will keep me fresh and will reduce sleep. Thanks for your advice. Also I am making arrangements to keep my room full dark, no small light at all.
seeker:Thanks again for your advice.
supporter:Some people put soothing soft music to make them sleep too. Have you ever tried that?
seeker:Yes. I like songs. May be that will also help me for good sleeping. I will try that. I think it will help.
supporter:Hope it will help you. Do you any any other help?
seeker:Thanks. I feel satisfied having some ideas. I think these will work. Thanks again. Shall I take a leave ?
supporter:sure! Have a wonderful sleep ahead
seeker:Bye. ! ! ! 
supporter:Bye! You may submit the test now
seeker:I will try and find. BYE . . .

seeker:hey
supporter:Hello, my name is Amber, how are you doing?
seeker:I could be better.
supporter:What's been happening?
seeker:I just had a baby 2 months ago and I have been struggling with my physical appearance and dealing with my mental health.
supporter:Is part of that the weight gain from pregnancy?   And what sort of mental health challenges are you having?   Both of these problems are very common for new mothers.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear you are going through this, it sounds like a very tough time for you.
seeker:I didnt keep much weight from the pregnancy but its the loose skin that makes it very challenging to accept and to love my self. 
supporter:Oh that is understandable.   I am a mother, and remember worrying about the same thing.
seeker:My depression has gotten worse since having my son. I feel a constant feeling that i'm not a good mother. I feel worthless and having a constant feeling that I don't deserve my son
supporter:I can tell you from personal experience that loose skin, stretch marks, and loosening of "other parts" do all self correct with time.  You will feel better about your body again when they do.
seeker:How did you cope with post partum?
supporter:I was fortunate not to experience depresion.  But I totally went through self doubt, wondering if I was being a good enough mother, and feeling "not up to" the task....it's the hardest job in the world, being a mom, and so exhausting the first while.
supporter:Have you spoken to your doctor about how depressed you are feeling?
seeker:Yes. I mentioned it to them at my 6 week pp check up. I was prescribed to a med to help but I dont think its fully in its works yet.
supporter:Antidepressants can take a couple of weeks to kick in, I am on them too;  I hope you will find them helpful.   It's hard waiting for them to work!
supporter:Do you have someone helping you with the baby or are you a single mom?
supporter:The best advice I can share from my experience as a new mom was find someone to give you breaks.   Whether that be a partner, a friend, a family member, or even a baby sitter if that's possible.   Its important to take time to rest and recharge an nurture yourself, whether that be a nap, a bubble bath, a walk or whatever has made you feel good in the past.
seeker:Thank you, I hope so too. Yes I have my husband helping me. I am a stay at home mom while he goes to work. Im lucky that I am able to stay home with our son but at the same time its hard because because theres a less opportunity to have a break and on top of that he works 12 hour shifts so I rarley get to spend time with my husband. 
seeker:I took my first break 2 days ago with my husband. We went on a day road trip and it felt really good to have that day to have together away from the baby but at the same time it was hard leaving our baby.
supporter:Oh that's a long shift...I'm glad you have someone at home to help when he can.   It may seem impossible but you are stronger than you think...you've got this
supporter:hey that's great that you had a road trip!   And yes it's hard to trust someone else with our wee ones...but so necessary both for you and for your marriage too
seeker:Thank you, I really appreciate it. Its nice to be able to talk about it.
supporter:I have one other suggestion before I go, have you any mother and baby groups in your area?   Something you may want to research.   It's been a pleasure speaking with you, you are so welcome.   Know that as hard as it is, these feelings can be a normal experience for a new mother, and you will get through it.
seeker:Ill definitely have to look into it, thank you! I hope you have a great day!
supporter:Thank you you too!

seeker:hello
seeker:i am so worried about my daughter
supporter:Hello
supporter:I am so sorry to hear.
seeker:she has addictions and is living a very dangerous life
seeker:which makes me sad and anxious and angry all at once
supporter:That is nerve wrecking. Did you try to comfort her and tell her that you are there to help her out.
seeker:yes, often
seeker:but she won't go for help, so i have had to be exceedingly patient
supporter:I love your patience level and would like to keep it going.
supporter:Patience is the key and she will understand eventually. She will be ready to take help. 
seeker:i will but it's such a heavy burden to carry.  i try not to think about it much, but I carry it, you know?   I Hope you are right about her wanting help eventually
seeker:in the meantime I don't know how to be so sad about this, maybe there is no way
supporter:I understand your heavy burden however some kids face these problems and we as parents guide them so that they come out with flying colors.
seeker:indeed.  and i have been holding up my end of the bargain.   but it's so worrisome.
seeker:it sounds like you are encouraging me to have hope against all odds?
supporter:You are a warrior and you need to fight off the worrisome and motivate yourself to help you kiddo.
seeker:CAn't help someone who doesn't want help though, but I do try to be there for her as best i can.   She calls me up with terrible stories and I listen even though it pains me, because she needs someone to listen.
seeker:Addiction is an affliction I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy now that I have seen her living it
supporter:Wow that is a good sign atleast she is coming to you to vent out. That is were you need to punch in an opportunity to seek help from a professional and convince her in such a way she will come down and accept it.
seeker:I have encouraged her to set up appointments with professionals.   Sometimes she has, but does not follow through, the addiction gets in the way, it's more powerful than her desire to stop.   And I can't just drive her/ accompany her to an appointment because she lives in a different city
seeker:But yes, I am happy she trusts me enough to confide in me
supporter:You have such a good heart so hang in there she will come to you with a bang.
seeker:i really appreciate your encouragement
seeker:i have been feeling worn down by it and your encouragement helps
seeker:have you any other suggestions for me?
supporter:Is there any way you could move to her city for a while and help her out. If so she will not skip any appointment and it will help her way.
seeker:unfortunately i cannot afford to move
seeker:the rents are too high in her city
supporter:That is understandable. Is there any option she can move in with you so you offer help.
seeker:hell no.   she lies and steals because of her addction there is no way i could live with her, but thank you for the suggestion
supporter:Sorry to hear that I thought close contact will make her vigil and makes her more responsible.
seeker:I'll tell you though....this was the issue I chose....but it's a past issue....she is now 3 months clean and doing well :)
seeker:i am so relieved and happy for her
seeker:just wanted to end up with some good news for you :)
supporter:Oh very nice to hear and super proud of her. I would like to thank you as well.
seeker:Thank you so much for your help today!
seeker:All the best
supporter:You were directly and indirectly helping her.
seeker:yes...was a tough slog lol
seeker:Thank you again :)
seeker:bye
supporter:You are very welcome. Strong and Beautiful.
supporter:Bye

seeker:Good morning
supporter:Hello, good morning!   How are you today?
seeker:Not too bad just wanted to talk with you about my alcohol addiction if you don't mind.
supporter:I would be happy to listen and help if I can :)
supporter:When did you notice you had a problem with alcohol?
seeker:The thing is I am drinking beer almost every day since I started to work from home. And with weather so nice in upcoming weeks I can't see myself stop drinking.
supporter:How many beer a day do you typically drink?
seeker:At least 4 pints. A lot of money goes on drinks as well.
supporter:I see.   So if I understand correctly, you are concerned because you are drinking more than you used to, more frequently, and you are afraid you cannot stop?  And it's affecting you financially?
seeker:Yes, that's right. And I know I should stop but I just got addicted.
supporter:It's really great that you have the insight to see that it may be a problem...that awareness is the most important first step!
seeker:Thank you for understanding
supporter:I haven't experienced addictions but I have been supporting my daughter with her addiction for many years, and I have seen how challenging it's been for her.
supporter:She has found AA very helpful, and gets a lot of support from her peers there.  Have you tried going to an AA meeting?
seeker:I think I am not quite confident in going somewhere in person. I don't want other people to see my addiction problem
supporter:The thing about AA is everyone in the room will be understanding and nonjudgemental and supportive.   And you can learn from them what has worked for them.   And it's okay to sit quietly and just listen, you are not forced to participate actively.
supporter:And...it's anonymous!   They have a code, outside meetings nobody is to disclose that you were there.
seeker:To be fair I am scared also to go such places. If somebody from work will see me I would get in real trouble as I am working from home and drinking.
supporter:I can understand that being scary, keeping your job is essential.
supporter:Whereabouts are you? (I'm in CAnada)
seeker:I am in UK.
seeker:Maybe you know some online courses you are aware of?
supporter:Oh!!  I just remembered.   My daughter goes to meetings virtually because of the pandemic.  I am pretty sure there would also be virtual AA meetings in the UK, via Zoom
seeker:Oh that's great I will try then. Do you know if there are any fees?
supporter:Hmm I am afraid I don't, have you tried a google search?  That's a great idea, to find an online program of some sort, if AA does not appeal to you.  And no, there are no fees, AA is completely free.
supporter:And, you can get a sponsor, do you know about that?
seeker:What do you mean by a sponsor?
supporter:My daughter has a sponsor, it's an important part of AA (and optional).   Her sponsor has been clean for over 20 years.   She is there to support my daughter, and help her work her way through learning the 12 steps.   Beacuse she's been through it, her sponsor is very understanding and supportive.
seeker:Alright, Don't know if I need one yet. Will see eventually how it goes in AA.
supporter:I wish you all the best in your journey.   You are doing all the right things in both recognizing that you have a problem, and seeking information on ways to deal with it.  I admire your insight.
seeker:Thank you very much for you help. Now I know what I have to do. All the best to you.
supporter:You are welcome, it was a pleasure speaking with you.   All the best!  You can do it :)
seeker:Thank you, bye :)
supporter:Bye :)

supporter:Hello, my name is Carolyn.  How are you feeling today?
seeker:Hello, my name is Nicholas. I am feeling a bit tired today, how are you Carolyn?
supporter:I'm a bit tired too to be honest!   Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?  I'm ready to listen :)
seeker:I have been tired a lot lately, even when I sleep for 8 hours. I am not sure what to really do to help myself gain more energy and recover my sleeping schedule to normal.
supporter:I see.  Are you finding it hard to function on not enough sleep?  I have experienced that at times as well, and found it quite frustrating!
supporter:How much sleep are you getting now?   Do you keep irregular sleep hours, e.g. the time you go to bed and get up?
seeker:Yes, I had a bad sleeping schedule, when I would go to sleep around 2-3am. I now get around 8 hours of sleep but I feel like it isn't enough still.
seeker:Would this relate to a health problem of not being active or maybe stress?
supporter:I used to be a night owl, going to bed early in the morning.  I reset my schedule very gradually.  I went to bed 15 minutes earlier, and set an alarm for 8 hours later.  I did that for 3 days, then I would ratchet it back another 15 minutes.   It was a gradual process and the only way I could fix it.
supporter:Are you getting any exercise during the daytime?
seeker:I see, I should set more alarms for myself. I have not put the time to exorcise as I would like to. I was planning on ordering a pair of weighted jump ropes for myself.
supporter:Even a walk may help you sleep...I know it does for me,   Jump ropes are a great idea!   I was advised it's better to exercise earlier in the day, not too close to bedtime or it can affect sleep.
supporter:Do you have trouble getting to sleep or waking up in the night?   Or is it more a case of just not feeling rested after your sleep?
seeker:I mostly work and go to school during the day so there really isn't too much time unless I decide to exorcise early in the morning. By the end of the day, I already feel exhausted from work and most of my motivation to exorcise is gone. 
seeker:I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night.
supporter:I see.   Sleep problems are very common you certainly aren't alone in this.  With some changes I am confidant you can improve your sleep.
seeker:Do you have any suggestions other than exorcising to help with sleeping?
seeker:Anything would be taken into consideration if possible.
supporter:I listen to a really good podcast called Tracks to Relax.  It's guided meditation that helps me deeply relax before I sleep.
supporter:sometimes I use it in the middle of the night too, if I can't fall back asleep!
supporter:Have you tried meditation before bed?
seeker:Oh wow, I never really thought listening to relaxing music to help go back to sleep. I will try that out tonight! I have never done meditation before bed, mostly during the day.
supporter:Is your room dark?  Light blocking curtains can help.
seeker:Its decently covered and at night it is pretty dark. 
supporter:And a small snack of carbs, like a peice of toast or some cereal, before bed can help too.   As you can see I have tried many things myself as I too have had sleep issues.
seeker:I will try that out as well if listening to relaxing sounds doesn't help. Thank you very much for responding to my questions and needs!
supporter:I certainly know how feeling tired can impact one's life, I have found it frustrating when I have a lot to do and just don't have the energy.
supporter:You are very welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you :)
seeker:Likewise, Thank you again! I hope you have a wonderful day/evening!
supporter:Take care Nicholas!  You as well.
seeker:You too as well Carolyn! 

supporter:Hi. How are you?
seeker:I am good 
supporter:Thats great! How are you feeling?
seeker:Now i am better
supporter:I know that things have been hard during this pandemic for a lot of people.
seeker:Expect to have lot of mixed feelings.
supporter:Mixed feelings have you been having? It's completely normal and understandable to have them. 
supporter:Sometimes when you are having mixed feelings, you can try writing them down on a piece of paper. This can help you identify how you are feeling.
seeker:i have very mixed feelings about the whole issues .My mixed feeling stem from the fact that those are not reflected anywhere.
seeker:I have no minded with writing things.
supporter:I could understand how difficult that must be for you. You could try taking a walk outside and getting some fresh air. Fresh air can always help to clear your mind. 
seeker:please help another way to reduce my depression. 
supporter:Does doing art work help you to feel better usually?
supporter:You can try to immerse yourself in something you really enjoy doing. Sometimes if you smile while doing things, it can help you to feel better. 
seeker:yeah sure i will try to reduce my depression with your wonderful ideas . thank you so much.
supporter:You're so welcome. I really hope you get back to feeling better soon, Stay safe and have a great rest of your week. Come back if you need any support.
seeker:Thank you
seeker:your great supporter
seeker:Nice to meet you.
supporter:Thank you so much. I am genuinely happy to help. It was nice to meet you as well. 
seeker:have a great day bye.
supporter:You too, goodbye, 

seeker:please am not able to get sleep like 6 months now please help me
supporter:Are u overthinker?
seeker:i think sometimes i am thinking  too much will that be the problem since i also avoid to think when am on my bed
supporter:I can feel your feelings .. Get yourself tired for something like workouts, House cleaning and traveling . These things made you tired to sleep.
seeker:in fact i do get tired like yesterday i did a lot of work going to bed i just slept like 1 hour only
supporter:Do you have any past ?
seeker:like?
supporter:Like lover or favorite person?
seeker:yes i do
supporter:OK let try to stop thinking about the person by making interest and spent times with dog or other pets
seeker:thanks but the problem is that the person  stays next t me and we work together i do see the person like everyday
supporter:Ohh.. Did you ever tried to talk with them?
seeker:yes  i did but am unable to forget one
supporter:Let try to ask them to be friends . say them just forget our old life be friends or feel your self meet me for the first time
supporter:or try sleeping piles to sleep .
seeker:okay thank you so much.
seeker:also is there anything i can do to sleep more
supporter:You are always welcome
seeker:what else can i do
supporter:Wait
seeker:okay
supporter:Try to sleep with friends or made a new person to forget your past
seeker:like opposite sex or
supporter:Like opposite sex
seeker:okay thanks am going to try since am suffering a lot
supporter:sure you will get best result.
seeker:can we really get into a relationship for me to sleep with or what do you see because i  lost interest  
supporter:make interest
seeker:okay thanks a lot am gonna try. i appreciate  your concern
supporter:thankyou bye
seeker:bye

supporter:Hi! Hope you are doing well today?
seeker:Hi, I'm actually pretty stressed about an upcoming deadline.
supporter:You have some work related deadlines and you are worried about that. Correct me if I am wrong.
seeker:That's exactly right. It's a deadline for a journal that I recently submitted a paper to.
supporter:That must be really hard, but I know you will finish it on time.
seeker:I know, I always get worked up about deadlines even though I rarely miss them. This one is a bit more important than usual, however. I am just so stressed!
supporter:It seems it must be very challenging for you. 
seeker:Exactly! This is a big step for me in the PhD program I'm in, so it's definitely a bit more pressure than previous deadlines.
supporter:In such situation, I make the strategy by distributing the time and work load equally. That's how I stay energetic and motivated.. 
seeker:That's a good idea. Do you mean just do a little bit each day?
supporter:Take a rough estimate like how much can be done in a day. It will reduce your work load
seeker:Well I have 30 more revisions to address and 15 more days to complete it. So, maybe I can make a goal of 2-3 revisions each day?
supporter:Apparently when we start working on such project, things start coming at right place itself.  
seeker:Thank you, you have helped me make a trajectory for how to accomplish this. Although, I am still very anxious about the difficulty.
supporter:Don't think too much about the remaining, just focus on what you are doing presently.
seeker:Good idea, the present moment is better to focus on. Any recommendations on relaxation techniques?
supporter:Try to take shot break or do deep breathing in middle. It will help you in staying energetic and focused.
seeker:Yeah, like little incentives throughout. I think I will definitely incorporate deep breathing. Let me try now and I'll let you know how I feel.
supporter:Sure! :)
seeker:Wow, I just did the breathing technique and I do feel more relaxed. Thanks for the advice!
supporter:That's Great! Best wishes for you.
seeker:Thank you, best to you as well.

seeker:Dark situation
seeker:I can do better 
seeker:What do you think?
seeker:Perhaps it’s all in my head. 
seeker:Or maybe I’m expected to feel a certain way. 
seeker:I can try to ignore it. 
seeker:Sometimes that is hard. 
seeker:I will look to positive experiences 
seeker:That way once the darkness takes off. 
seeker:I will be free again. 
seeker:What do you think?
seeker:Perhaps I’m alone in this support chat 
seeker:That’s okay. I will get better. 
seeker:For all our sakes. But mostly my own. 
supporter:No, don't say that. There are people that are listening
seeker:Listening is good. 
seeker:Being heard. 
supporter:Are there problems you would like to talk about?
seeker:No echos in the dark. 
seeker:I think I don’t belong. 
supporter:Why don't you feel like you belong? We're all human :). Have you been having these feelings for a long time?
seeker:Just a while. 
seeker:Sometimes feels like I work so hard. To the point of exhaustion. And yet never get anywhere. 
supporter:That's okay for you to have those feelings. The fact that you reached out shows you are getting somewhere.
seeker:Not sure 
seeker:Hard to be sure. Certainty is in short supply. 
supporter:It seems you would like to make progress with your problems. Would you like to discuss them more? 
seeker:Yeah progress is all one can hope for. A little every day. Win an inch to win a mile. But having the stamina to keep at it seems difficult. 
seeker:Like taking so much risk just for a big win ya know. And that win is still a long way out of sight. But I keep trying because I know if I don’t it won’t go away. 

supporter:Hello there, how are you today?
seeker:Hi. Quite frustrated with my tween daughter!
supporter:Ah that can be a very difficult age. Is it anything specific or just general?
seeker:She doesn't listen to anything I say. She loves to play on the computer and tablet and her phone but when it comes to something simple, like turning off the light when she's done in the bathroom or throwing away a candy wrapper, she won't do it. 
supporter:Well ... to be honest it doesn't sound very terrible. Most children that age do things like that ;) 
seeker:She doesn't seem to think that it's wrong to thrown her dirty socks in the living room instead of the laundry.
seeker:I guess so.
supporter:Well, it is a bit anti social but there are a lot of worse things she could be doing :) I was pretty slobby at that age too 
seeker:I'm 53 so going through menopuase while she is going through puberty. 
seeker:True.
seeker:I just wish she would take some pride in her things and herself.
supporter:Ah that's a bad combination. I hear you on the menopause thing. Do you think maybe it is making you more touchy? It is me! 
seeker:She hasn't showered in a week and hates to brush her hair. 
supporter:Have you thought of offering rewards if she smartens up a bit?
seeker:Sure, that's probably true.
supporter:I think that once she hits puberty she will probably change her feelings about showering etc a lot :). 
supporter:Teenagers tend to get very very involved in their appearance :D I used to spend an hour in the shower each day 
seeker:Unfortunately I have spoiled her rotten so that she has most everything she could want (well, not an I-phone and nintendo switch! lol)
supporter:Perhaps you could gently explain to her why it's anti social to not shower for a week? 
seeker:I think she is getting very close to the age where she will pay attention to herself and general appearance, but she's not there yet.
supporter:Ah you have all the fun of her teenage years to look forward to. I would not go through that again :D 
seeker:I have, lol. 
seeker:She is getting much better about putting clean underwear on everyday at least.
supporter:Well that is definitely something!! 
supporter:Maybe try to help her take pride in her appearance? Give her some make up lessons?
seeker:She also loves to go through my personal things. Takes my nail clippers. Tries on my blush and lipstick. Looks through my drawers.
supporter:I think that's pretty normal for a tweenage girl :) She's probably starting to be interested in make up and things 
seeker:I don't wear makeup, except for rare days where I put on a little blush and lipstick.
supporter:I don't either to be honest but a lot of young girls are interested in it 
seeker:She does do makeup and stuff at her friend's house.
supporter:Are her friends a good influence on her/
seeker:True. She hates to brush her own hair but could sit for for an hour while I brush her hair! lol
seeker:Yes, for the most part.
supporter:Maybe you could treat her to a new haircut, give her a new pride in herself? 
seeker:With the pandemic, we have not been out too much. I gave her a much needed haircut about a month ago. Trimmed off about six inches, but it's still way past her shoulders. We will hopefully go for a professional cut soon. I need one too!
seeker:That is a very good idea.
supporter:Oh of course I had forgotten about the pandemic. It seems ages since we had normal life! 
seeker:Agreed!
seeker:We went to a sit down restaurant last week for the first time in a year!
supporter:Well I hope I have been able to be of help and it has been nice to talk to you!
seeker:Yes, thank you. It has been helpful. I sometimes feel like I am the only one having trouble with their kids.
supporter:Heh I promise you are not :) 
seeker:Thanks! :)
supporter:Thanks for talking! (can you press quit first, I can't do it from my end :)) 
seeker:Sure, will do.
supporter:have a nice rest of day :) 

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling today? 
seeker:I am feeling a bit sad and down
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Do you want to tell me about it?
seeker:I hate the way I look. Everytime I look in the mirror I cry
supporter:I see. Can you be more specific? A lot of people are insecure about their looks you know. 
seeker:When I look in the mirror, I think Im the ugliest person in the world sometimes
supporter:How old are you if you don't mind my asking? This is a common thing among young people. 
seeker:I am 32
supporter:I see. Well can you tell me what specific part of  your appearance do you hate? Maybe it could be altered?
seeker:I hate everything when I see my reflection. I just feel fat and ugly
supporter:Well, I have been overweight and I know it sucks. Perhaps you could join a weight loss group?
seeker:I have been working out and eating better. Even though I am losing weight, I still feel horrible
supporter:Well you should be proud of the progress! Maybe buy yourself some new clothes?
seeker:That is a good idea, maybe that will help
supporter:Or have a new haircut or something :) 
seeker:I like that idea too, I will give it a try
supporter:Is it just your weight that bothers you about your appearance? 
seeker:No, I just dont like looking at myself in the mirror. I just feel ugly and gross
supporter:I have a feeling that other people do not feel that way about you :) 
seeker:That is kind of you to say, thank you
seeker:You have helped me quite a bit today, I appreciate it
supporter:I think a lot of people do see themselves in a much worse light as others see them :) It's a human thing. 
seeker:Very true, thank you for the perspective
supporter:So, what sort of clothes do you think you are going to buy? :) 
seeker:Possibly a new dress or two
supporter:Sounds like a great idea. I bought a fantastic maxi dress recently. Very flattering for those of us carrying an extra pound or two 
seeker:I love flowy dresses for that reason
seeker:do you do anything else when you are feeling bad about yourself?
supporter:I like a nice facemask and a bubble bath, do you?
seeker:I like doing my makeup and getting dressed up, even if I have nowhere to go
supporter:That is a good thing to do .. great for the self esteem. Maybe buy some new jewellery too? 
seeker:I like the idea of pampering myself. That is something I don't do too often
seeker:and I need to do it more. Perhaps I will feel better then
supporter:You need to indulge yourself from time to time :) Get yourself a nice bottle of wine too. Though maybe not chocolate :D 
seeker:Haha, yes, perhaps not those :)
supporter:Anyway I hope you are feeling a little better now ! Thank you for talking! 
seeker:Thank you, you too!
supporter:(I can't press quit my end so you have to first :)) 

seeker:hi,I'm in depression because my kids not listen to me.
supporter:just stay calm
seeker:yes but they not listen to me
supporter:told him to do politely
seeker:yes but I'm angary on them because they not study
supporter:you teach them that what they want to study
seeker:yes but they are busy on their phones all the time
supporter:just borrow his mobile phones from them
seeker:They say we can do studies if you let us to play game
supporter:just strictly told them to do study 1st and got a good mark then only you will give them their phones.
seeker:yes i will try this thanks to giving me support 
supporter:yeah sure.thanks too
seeker:They are saying to me that study is boring and playing games is fun
supporter:then told them to study or else you will broke that mobile.
seeker:yes but those are very expensive 
supporter:isn't that expensive when compared to your child goodness
seeker:yes you are right my kids study is more important then this
supporter:yeah then do this automatically your kids will start to study.
seeker:Thinks for giving me support 
supporter:sure i am always ready you to give my support
seeker:Thanks, buy
supporter:bye

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hey! How are you?
seeker:I am hanging in there, how are you doing?
supporter:Im doing good :) How you doing hanging in there?
seeker:Well, I have been dealing with insomnia, and that is pretty much ruining my day lately.
supporter:Im sorry to hear that. Have you tried to help it or see a doctor?
seeker:Yes, I have. I tried some natural things at first, but it did not work. Then I went to the doctor, and guess what? He said I am having insomnia due to anxiety.
supporter:Do you feel anxious though? maybe the doctor is right and maybe loosing stress is the answer :)
seeker:I think so, I am worried about my future with the pandemic, I guess we all are. I am from Brazil and lots of people are dying there. 
seeker:I have lost 2 relatives to COVID in Brazil and also lost 4 friends there
supporter:Yeah the pandemic hit badly there. I am sorry for your loss. Perhaps you just dont want to follow in the same pathway which is why you are stressed
seeker:exactly. I am also very stressed because I have too much on my plate with school, working full time, kids at home distance learning
supporter:Yh thats seems like quite a lot and I know how you feel because of when I was a student. If i made it through you can too!  try your best
seeker:Thank you. The doctor prescribed an antidepressant that should help with anxiety and a sleeping pill, but I dont want to take it
supporter:If you dont take it you might never feel better. I would advice you to take it and see how you feel after
seeker:I am worried about getting addicted to it or something. Have you ever tried these type of meds/
supporter:Yeah i have taken antidepressant when I had my son as I always needed to provide, and I can say it did help me get better
seeker:Thats good to know! Maybe I should try it. especially since I have no help here in the United States
seeker:Thank you for your help
seeker:I have to leave to pick up my son at daycare

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello! How are you doing?
seeker:I am anxious
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. What is the cause of your anxiety?
seeker:My friends and my family place a lot of value on how one looks. Every time I meet with them they have a comment on how I should improve on something. It makes me stressed out because I feel like I am not good enough. 
supporter:I am sorry you are having to deal with this. Are you concerned about your own looks because you constantly hear this feedback from those close to you?
seeker:Yes. I feel that I am not thin enough, pretty enough, that my clothes are not nice enough etc
supporter:I myself have gone through similar feelings when I was a teenager. I had body image issues for the longest time and my way of resolving it was through proper diet and exercise. Are you happy with how you look personally irrespective of what others opinions are?
seeker:It is hard to feel ok when I keep hearing that I am missing something. I don't even think I need to lose weight. It is just that my friends think model thin is what beauty is. I would have to starve myself to achieve that.
supporter:If you are comfortable with your weight then why are you so concerned with what everyone around you says or thinks?
seeker:Because they are the people I spend time with. I want to be accepted and I want them to like me.
supporter:It sounds like you care more about what others think of you than how you feel about yourself. 
seeker:I wish I could not care about what they think but I do. I don't know how to not let their opinions not bother me 
supporter:Have you ever tried affirmations or heard of this before?
seeker:No. What is that?
supporter:Affirmations are positive statements you think about yourself. What I like to do when I'm feeling really anxious is say three positive things/attributes I feel about myself over and over again until my anxiety dissipates. Do you think that could help you feel more positively about what those closest to you are saying so much with regards to looks?
seeker:I could try. Do I need to say positive things about my looks or can they be about other stuff?
supporter:Since you are stating that you are concerned about how you look, you should just find a few positive statements with regards to your looks you think about yourself and repeat them. So if you don't think you need to lose weight, you can say something like, "I like my weight." or "I don't need to lose weight." If you think you are beautiful or pretty, you can say "I am beautiful." My three affirmations I use for myself are: I am beautiful, smart, and funny. I say this over and over again until my anxiety has left me. 
seeker:That sounds easy enough. I will definitely try it. It will take my mind off of worrying about what they are thinking. 
supporter:I highly recommend it! Is there anything else bothering you that I can help with?
seeker:No you gave me a great suggestion to work with. Thank you so much for your help!
supporter:No problem! Glad I could help. I hope you have a wonderful day and take care! 
seeker:You too. Bye now.
supporter:Bye!

seeker:hi
seeker:anyone there?
supporter:yes, hello how are you today?
seeker:hi, I am okay, but am very frustrated at how often i procrastinate stuff i need to or want to do
seeker:it's hard to even get started sometimes, i think it's pandemic frustrations
supporter:I understand how you feel, I also procrastinate...I have found if it takes less than 2 minutes to do it, I go ahead and do it, it takes some of the stress off.  
seeker:hmm so you prioritize the quick tasks?
supporter:this pandemic most definitely has caused frustrations for everyone
supporter:yes, it makes the list of things to do a little shorter and not as overwhelming
seeker:i think when I can GO places to do things with other people it will be easier to be motivated/active
seeker:i have tried breaking jobs down into smaller tasks that does help, you're right on that
seeker:but it breaks my heart that i have not touched my art and sewing!   i had all this "extra" time over this past year, and couldn't crack into it
seeker:have you any other ideas?
supporter:of course! i got into puzzles...and games with my little one helped pass the time
supporter:also, taking walks gets you that breath of fresh air that is sometimes needed
seeker:i live alone, but have played some online games with my sis.   Walks are good but I can't walk with my friends (we are on a stay at home order presently) and I find it hard to motivate myself when it's just me
seeker:but i agree walks are really helpful, when i get out i really enjoy them.   Okay that gives me some good things to try out, thank you for your help today
supporter:i understand that.  
seeker:where are you located?
supporter:anytime, hope you stay well
supporter:united states- louisiana
seeker:Im in ONtario CAnada....thank you, you too!
seeker:bye for now.
supporter:bye!
seeker:oh one other thing...I have made SOME progress on the cleaning...so I need to remind myself that I did good lol

supporter:Hello my name is Lisa, is there something you'd like to talk about today?
seeker:Has anyone had more luck since the stimulus check era? 
seeker:I am making slow gains on my art gear project.
supporter:hmm I don't know....I didn't get one.   I gather you are in the US?
supporter:CAn you tell me more about your art gear project?
supporter:It sounds like you are frustrated that the stiimulus check program has not helped you get your art project off the ground, am I right?
supporter:Are you still with me?
seeker:I have an Canon MkII camera to which of coarse I am searching for an small lense
seeker:The time it takes to purchase is gonig to be dependant on an budget.
supporter:I see.   Have you looked into bartering?   Someone who has such a lense may be willing to barter it for something you have, or some service you could offer them.
supporter:Locally here we have some bartering groups on facebook, maybe there is something similar in your area?
supporter:The other thing you could try is crowdfunding, for example kickstarter, in which you offer some photograply (portrait if you do such?) in exchange for a donation from someone locally
seeker:Oh, yes that would help.
supporter:I remember a similar frustration when I needed tools I could not afford to make jewelry.   It held me up!
supporter:Are there any second hand stores near you that might have used lenses?
supporter:it sounds like it is holding you up from doing your photography, that must be frustrating.
seeker:Oh yes I ebay all the time.
supporter:oh good, Ebay is a great idea.  I hope eventually you will find one you can afford, with some patience!

seeker:Hi there.
supporter:Hello. How are you feeling today?
seeker:I am feeling pretty down about my appearance. 
supporter:I get that way too. Is there any particular cause or aspect you are focussed on?
seeker:It is mainly my weight i just can't seem to loose any and it is making me quite sad.
supporter:Gosh I am very sorry to hear that you are struggling to loose weight and it is making you sad. May I ask what you are doing to attempt to loose the weight? I hear cardio is very good for that.
seeker:Well i do use my bike. But i really struggle with motivation and i know i snack too much. But i have just been too busy to spend any real time facing the problem, you know?
supporter:I totally understand. I was the same way over worked and under motivated. I found that mixing in low impact weight work outs was really effective as well as each morning setting out healthy snacks that way i don't have to think about getting something it is already there.
seeker:Oh that is a good idea what do you suggest?
supporter:Honestly my top favorite are chocolate covered almonds and sugar snap peas. have you tried lowering your carb and increasing your protein intake?
seeker:No i hadn't thought about that don't you have to only drink protein if your work out. 
supporter:Typically yes but having a low protein shake, ie one scoop not too, everyday is a great way to supplement your caloric intake with protein. You will find yourself less hungry and have more energy through the day. 
seeker:That actually makes a lot of sense. What about motivation i really need help with that i find when i am less motivated i am deffinitely more depressed.
supporter:Lots of people also struggle with depressive episodes and low motivation. Don't worry you are not alone. It is important to try and think is it depression related low motivation or vice versa.
seeker:thats true how can you tell. it is really hard for me right now.
supporter:That's ok. Don't worry everything will be ok. Remember little steps forward are better and easier to achieve. even if it seems really bad right now just know it will always get better. 
seeker:Thats true.
supporter:Just by talking to you I can tell you are down, but you also seem a lot more receptive and motivated that i think you realize. I am sure you can make the changes and succeed.
seeker:Thank you so much. Sometimes it just takes someone believing in you
supporter:Of course everyone needs support now and again and it has been a real pleasure talking to you.
seeker:Thanks, you too I have a lot to think about. But talking it out really helped. Have a nice day!
supporter:Of course good luck stay happy!!

supporter:Hello, how are you?
seeker:Hello
seeker:Hanging in there, how are you?
seeker:I need some help
supporter:I'm doing okay. What's the issue?
seeker:I have been having too much anxiety after the pandemic started. I have too much on my plate. 
supporter:I'm sorry about that. I know that the pandemic has taken a toll on a lot of people. What struggles are you having?
seeker:with that said, I have been angry at my kids. I work full time, have to take care of the things at home, cook, clean, etc, and sometimes deal with my 6 year old when he is distance learning
seeker:he needs help with the online assignments since he is so young
supporter:It seems like you really do have a lot on your plate. Do you have any other family members who can help with your duties? Older children, a spouse or parents nearby?
seeker:only my spouse, I don't have family in the United States
seeker:I am from Brazil. my family is there. My husband also has a lot on his plate, he is working from home and helping with what he can.
supporter:Do you think that you could ask him to help out more around the house? Since he works from home, it would be easier for him to help out if your job is outside of your home. Is there any way that you could hire help, like a tutor for your child?
seeker:well, I used to have someone come clean my house, but since the pandemic started, I dont feel safe about bringing other people to my house
seeker:my husband is also very stressed out
seeker:I went to the doctor and he thinks I should try some medication since I have no help, but I am scared
seeker:it's an antidepressant and a sleeping pill since I am having insomnia as well
supporter:I'm sorry about that. It seems like a difficult situation to be in. Do you think that the medication could help ease some of your stressors?
seeker:Maybe, I am afraid of trying int but I may not have another option
supporter:I think that you should try it out, at least for a little while, to see how it affects you. I used to be depressed too, but when I was put on medication, it seemed to make my life a lot easier. I had a lot more energy and was a lot happier
seeker:Thank you, good to know. I will fill my prescription
seeker:I cant live like this anymore. Thank you for your input. 
supporter:You're very welcome! I'm glad I could help!
supporter:Are there any other problems you're facing?
seeker:No, that is it. I guess parents of young children are having a lot of stress with the pandemic and I am one of them unfortunatelly
seeker:Did you get addicted to the medication
seeker:Did you get addicted to the medication? I worry about getting addicted
supporter:No, I didn't. I don't think that antidepressants are addictive, but you could ask your doctor if you have any concerns
seeker:Ok, great, I will call him now and check then. But thank you for your help ! 

seeker:Hi!
supporter:Hello. How are you feeling today?
seeker:Well, I'm a little tired and anxious but I got use to it.
seeker:And you?
supporter:I'm doing well, thanks for asking. Do you know what's might be causing these feelings of anxiety and fatigue?
seeker:Well, its very difficult to sleep because of the nightmares. Every time I sleep I have the same dream. I recall the event in my sleep and its just horrible.
supporter:That must be very distressing to have the same nightmare every night. Do you have a nighttime routine to help you get to rest in a more relaxed state?
seeker:Yes, I read some magazines and some blogs on internet about some routines but they just don't help.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you haven't had success with routines. I have suffered with sleeplessness due to bad dreams as well. I find doing yoga with meditative breathing allows me to clear my mind, and sleep better. Do you practice any meditation?
seeker:I have never tried because I'm too anxious to stay still for longer periods of time.
seeker:I mean I have tried but its not easy.
supporter:Having high anxiety makes it very hard to concentrate on meditation. I take a medication for anxiety that has helped me a lot. Have you talked to your doctor about your anxiety?
seeker:Yeah, they gave me pills for that but it didn't help me.
seeker:I know its hard to help me, I just feel better by talking to someone.
supporter:I'm really sorry you weren't able to get relief with medication. I understand that having someone to talk to can be a relief when you feel so anxious.
supporter:Do you have any close friends or family that you can talk to more often?
seeker:Yeah I actually have my best friends and every time i feel horrible I talked to them.
seeker:But sometimes its just difficult cause bringing the same issue over and over can be exhausting for them.
supporter:I'm sure your friend is glad to be able to lend a listening ear. Sometimes we need to hash out our problems more than once to resolve them. 
supporter:Do you like to exercise? It can be a great way to relieve anxiety and exhaust your body so you sleep better.
seeker:Actually, yes. I do a lot of exercise and that actually helps me sleep a little.
supporter:I'm so glad to hear you have some outlet for your anxiety that helps with your sleep. Keeping your body healthy can be a great start to getting your mind in a more calm space.
supporter:If you don't mind me asking, do you work a lot of hours outside your home?
seeker:No, I'm a student and with the pandemic and all that it's virtual but that keeps me busy.
supporter:I see. Being at home alone most of the time, even when you have virtual meetings, may be contributing to your anxiety. Maybe you could meet up with friends in person at a park or other outdoor location. Is that possible?
seeker:Yeah, don't worry. I go out with my friends regularly.
supporter:That's great! I'm glad you are getting plenty of socialization during this difficult time. 
seeker:Thanks :D
supporter:Do you like music? It can be a great way to wind down instead of looking at screens before bedtime.
seeker:I love music, it helps me disconnect from the world.
seeker:You know, you help me a lot to release some stress, thank you.
supporter:Wonderful! I'm so glad our conversation has helped you feel better. It's always nice to be able to get out what's on your mind in a trusting environment.
supporter:Please feel free to request a chat anytime you need it.
seeker:I will, thank you so much.
supporter:You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful day!
seeker:Same for you!!! and thanks again.
supporter:No problem. I believe you can manage your anxiety, and if you have trouble there is always help available.
seeker:Thank you, i will keep working on that, cause i know i can overcome this.

seeker:Hi..how are you doing today..
supporter:Hi..Iam doing good..How are you today
seeker:Iam facing post partum depression as I recently had a baby..
supporter:Oh I can relate to that because I also had a baby a year ago and I can understand what you are going through..
seeker:How did you manage to deal with that..
supporter:Do you have anyone to help you with the baby so that you can have some time to relax for yourselves.
seeker:No my husband works in different city and my parents live in a different country..I dont have anyone with me to take care of the baby..
supporter:Oh that will be difficult for you..Can you afford a nanny..
seeker:Yeah I can afford but iam skeptical because of the pandemic..
supporter:Dont worry,just love your baby,when the baby sleeps,try to have some rest and practice yoga and meditation when you have time ,they helped me a lot whn Iam dealing with the depression..
seeker:Oh Thank you for the suggestion..I will follow that..
supporter:Also you can connect on online forums and find help by chatting with other moms who are fcing the same issues..
seeker:Oh that is a great idea..I will certainly look in to it and will consider it..
supporter:Iam glad you like them..I hope you will be better soon and Iam positive about that..love your baby..
seeker:Thank you so much for the help .I really appreciate it .
supporter:No problem..happy to help..Is there any thing else you need help with?
seeker:Nothing..thank you..bye..
supporter:ok bye
seeker:This service is extremely helpful..
supporter:Iam glad to help you provide with emotional support..

supporter:Hello, my name is Sharon, how are you today?
seeker:Hello. I am sad because my job is not rewarding. It is a dead-end job and I feel shameful anymore. I don't like talking about my job with anyone since it is so pointless.
seeker:Hi Sharon. I'm Larry.
supporter:Hi Larry.  What sort of job do you do?
seeker:I am a maintenance supervisor in a manufacturing facility.
supporter:I have had jobs that seemed pointless as well.   I was a sales assistant in a store constantly waiting for customers, it was boring!  Just a paycheque with no fulfillment.  I found it depressing as well.
supporter:So it sounds like you are finding no point to going in to work, and it's making you feel sad, am I correct?
seeker:Yes that is a very good summary of what is going on. And I am glad to see you can relate. While I am lucky to not work in sales since I know those jobs are extremely tough but the lack of reward is all the same.
supporter:Are there other jobs available in your area that you could apply for that are more up your alley?
seeker:I have not seen anything worth jumping ship for. I am afraid of the old adage of the grass always looks greener from the other side of the fence. Meaning I leave this job and only find a worse job.
supporter:I see., yes that could be a risk for sure.have you spoken to your manager to see if there may be other opportunities in the manufacturing facility for you?   I bet they would rather retrain you for a different position than lose you.
seeker:Unfortunately there are no other positions at the place I work. Yes my boss is very well aware of how unhappy I am. He is also unhappy and has been looking for jobs too. It isn't that great of a place to work at. I have had 3 different friends leave my place of employment, I've just been to lazy to leave too. It's a catch 22, too lazy to leave but due to feeling sad from being here I don't have the energy to try to leave.
supporter:Yes I can understand that.  Sadness and depresion can lead one to feel depleted and lacking motivation to make change.  
supporter:I have been depressed and lacking motivation in the past, I remember how it felt.
seeker:Yes, I see a psychologist and she does her best to help me but ultimately it is up to me to make the changes I need to in life.
supporter:Is there anything about your position that you could suggest improving to your boss, to make your job more interesting?   Maybe some ideas you may have for streamlining the work or somethings?
supporter:I'm glad to hear you have someone to talk to about it.   Over time as you keep working on it I hope things will improve for you.
seeker:I've spoke things over with my boss, he has tried a few things. Currently we are in a holding pattern due to some upper management changes and we are awaiting to see how the new manager would like to run things.
supporter:oh I see.  Do you have hobbies outside of work that you find fulfilling?
seeker:I have been slacking on that too. Just don't find pleasure in anything anymore. Now that it is spring time though hopefully that changes. 
supporter:Lets hope the new manager improves things for you, it sounds like there is a ray of hope there!
supporter:Yes it's hard to get started on anything when we are down.  I remember writing lists with very small goals on them.  Small goals feel like mountains when we are down!   Then I would work my way through that very short list and check things off if I could do them, which gave me a small lift of accomplishment.
seeker:I should start writing lists. I know that is a great tool for helping.
supporter:Lets hope the new manager can improve things.   And your work with the psychologist is very positive, it's great you reached out for help, that is a strength.   You've spoken with your boss.   You are doing all the right things.
seeker:Thank you for the encouragement .
supporter:you're very welcome, it's been a pleasure talking with you Larry.
seeker:Thank you for your help Sharon. Have a good day.
supporter:you too!  take good care of yourself, bye

supporter:Hello. How are you doing today?
seeker:Hi, I'm struggling today.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Anything in particular that is bothering you?
seeker:I just feel worn out with everything I have to do. 
seeker:I don't know what else I can d to help my daughter.
supporter:I understand that you are feeling worn out and don't know what else you can do to help your child. Is there something specific going on or is it just life in general?
seeker:My daughter struggles with school work and memory. She learns differently and needs lots of support. I have contacted the school a number of times over the years but never really had any support or acknowledgement from them. I guess it's just an accumulation of things.
supporter:You have tried hard to help her and that is admirable. Don't beat yourself up and be proud of the things you have done for her. 
seeker:But what do I now. She's 17 and it's so difficult to give her the time and then  encourage her to tell me when she needs help and for her to be willing to accept it. 
supporter:While I do not have kids, from what I have seen my friends and family do in this situation is try to find something that your daughter is interested in and attempt to build off of that. So instead of her learning to just learn, she is learning something that is relevant to her. Maybe that might spark something in her to come up with her way of learning since traditional methods aren't working. 
seeker:That is great advice. She does climb and hasn't been able to climb or see her friends with everything closed. I think as she will be able to again soon may be that will help her to relax and get back into it. She does learn through repetition but has lacked enthusiasm especially in the last few months.       
supporter:Having her go climbing more sounds like a good plan. Hopefully things are opening up around you now that the vaccine is becoming more common. 
supporter:Repetition is tough. I know I used a lot of flash cards as a way of learning through high-school and college. It's an old method but it can work. 
seeker:She had heart  surgery as a baby so has actually had the vaccine herself as she's in the vulnerable category.  I think she ends up spending so long making aide memoires that she then leaves herself so little time to actually study.  
supporter:I can imagine after having heart surgery as a baby she wants to live life to it's fullest extent and prioritizes making memories over school. Does she ever talk about what her plans are for after high-school? At some point she will have to connect the dots of having to get a job to be able to go out and have fun, and unfortunately doing OK in school comes with that. That or a vocational school to learn a trade (what I personally did). 
seeker:What did you do? Her interests are music and photography. Recently she has started a gardening club with the horticulture department at school. She does enjoy her social life well when she has been able to have it. She has had social ups and downs but apart from the epidemic she has been happier than in her earlier years at school. You are right she is becoming an adult and will find her place. At 17 I guess she doesn't have to decide just yet. 
seeker:You have certainly made me feel a bit more positive. 
supporter:Sorry for the delay. I am glad you are feeling more positive. I was into cars so I went to vocational school to become an auto mechanic. After a couple years of that I realized I wasn't cut out for physical labor and went to college. But the knowledge from working on cars helped me understand things better at college since I had real world applications I could use it on.
supporter:Gardening and Horticulture is a great hobby! That definitely could cross over into some of her science classes to make things more interesting and relevant to her.
seeker:Thank you so much for your time and kindness today. You helped me refocus and some of the things you said were just what I needed to hear. 
supporter:Glad I was able to help. Sometimes just having someone to bounce things off of makes a big difference. You have a good heart and good intentions. I wish you and your daughter the best.
seeker:Thank you.  Take care :-) 
supporter:You're welcome. It was my pleasure.
supporter:Please hit the quit button and take the survey. I can not end the chat from my side. Thank you!

supporter:Hello. How are you doing?
seeker:I used to love my boyfriend, but now I can't stand him. Why has this happened and how to break up with him without hurting his feelings much?
supporter:What changed to bring you to the point you can't stand him?
seeker:I just find him extremely annoying. How he walks, talks, breathes even... I should have walked away from him earlier.
seeker:He is very respectful, committed, sweet and loving, but I just don't feel anything towards him anymore.
supporter:That sounds like a really difficult and uncomfortable situation to be in.
supporter:How long have you been together?
seeker:Yes, it is.
seeker:We've been together for 3 years.
seeker:And he wants to get married and have children. It makes me anxious. I'm not ready for those things.
supporter:It's good you know where you're at and what you do, and do not, want.
seeker:How do I tell my boyfriend that I don't want to be him anymore???? How do I break up???
seeker:I don't want him to hate me.
supporter:When ending a relationship, we're not responsible for the other person's emotions. Whatever they feel, they feel, and we can't control that.
supporter:You need to do what is best for you.
seeker:How about me? Will I regret breaking up with him? I've became a better person since we've met.
supporter:You might try talking to him and seeing if he has any awareness of your unhappiness, of you discomfort with his pushing for marriage and children when you're not ready.
seeker:I feel guilty to hurt his feelings and at the same time it pisses me off even more!
supporter:A good friend once told me that all normal, sane people feel guilt when ending a relationship when they're not happy. There is no pleasure in breaking someone's heart, especially when they haven't done anything really wrong.
seeker:You're right. I should talk about it with him openly and tell him how I really feel.
supporter:It sounds like you're maybe not 100% certain you want to end things. That's where talking to him becomes important.
seeker:Maybe I'm afraid of being alone. Maybe things could have been different if it weren't for COVID. Maybe we spend TOO much time together.
supporter:And, if you do have a talk with him and later it becomes clear the relationship still can't work, it won't hit him as such a surprise when you choose to end things.
supporter:And, if you do have a talk with him and later it becomes clear the relationship still can't work, it won't hit him as such a surprise when you choose to end things.
supporter:COVID has put a huge strain on a lot of relationships. People are stuck spending way more time together than they are used to, and there's really not much to do about it right now.
seeker:Thank you so much for listening me out and for wise advice. I will talk to him, tonight.
supporter:I think that's a good decision. I hope the two of you are able to come to a better understanding of where things are with your relationship.
seeker:Aw thank you! :)

supporter:Hi..how are you doing today
seeker:Hi..Iam doing good..how are you
supporter:Iam good..thank you..Iam here to help you about the emotional support you need.Tell me what you want to talk about?
seeker:Iam in final year of university and iam unable to complete the studies
supporter:Oh I can relate to that,what is been stopping you from completing your work.
seeker:Iam a mother of 2 year old son and he is giving me a hard time to finish my work..
supporter:Oh..Is it possible that your husband helps you in taking care of your toddler..
seeker:My husband is having full time job and he has to travel an hour to get to work..
supporter:Oh I can understand that..is there any chance that you can ak your parents to help?
seeker:My parents live in another country and they cannot come here to my place because they dont have a valid visa..
supporter:Oh.without a visa i dont think they can enter in to the country..I can see the pain you are going through..
seeker:Is there any other option for me to consider?
supporter:I think if you can go for hiring a personal nanny..if you can afford it..What do you say?
seeker:I am little low on budget and cannot afford a nanny for my kid..or i cannot afford day care centers..
supporter:Oh that is a problem..ok you can try for applying child care assistance provided by the government to help you take care of your expenses..can you do it?
seeker:I think i can search for it and work on it..This is a good idea..
supporter:yeah you can call to local government agencies or any social welfare organizations to help you on this..and I think you will find a solution to your problem..
seeker:sure..thank you for your help..I really appreciate it..
supporter:happy to help..I hope you will be feeling better soon..bye..
seeker:bye,,Stay safe and healthy in this pandemic..

supporter:Hi there, what is life like for you right now?
seeker:Pretty stressful. I'm a little bit anxious about school.
supporter:So you're worried about your studies? I will try to help if I can. Please tell me all you can. 
seeker:Thank you. I am finishing up my third year in college so I have some career decisions to make. I'm also trying to find a job for this summer related to what I want to study.
supporter:Are you finding that things are being made difficult because of the pandemic?
seeker:Yes. Most of my classes are online. I really miss my friends and family.
supporter:I hear you. I think we're all really suffering at the moment. Are you getting any support?
seeker:I do live with three of my friends so it's nice to have their support. I'm glad I'm not alone
supporter:What sort of thing do you want to go into when your studies are over?
seeker:I'm studying psychology, I want to become a therapist or social worker
supporter:That is a really worth profession. Have you thought of doing some volunteer work before you graduate?
seeker:Yes! I am trying to get a job at a suicide hotline for the summer
supporter:That is an awesome thing to do though it could be very mentally draining. Do you feel up to it?
seeker:I know I'm up to it, but this week I've been having a hard time
seeker:Just struggling to stay motivated in school
supporter:Don't put yourself under too much pressure if you are suffering yourself. 
seeker:I try not to. Sometimes it's hard to put myself first
supporter:I think a lot of people who work helping other people have that sort of problem - it's too easy to neglect yourself. 
seeker:It's good to hear I'm not alone in feeling this way
supporter:Is there anything else you'd like to tell me about how you're feeling right now?
seeker:I got a job offer today, I'm very proud of myself!
supporter:That sounds wonderful - is it the sort of job you were really looking for?
seeker:Sort of. It's an opportunity to work for one of my favorite professors over the summer. I'm still going to work on that suicide hotline job as well
supporter:Don't over extend yourself though. Make sure to give yourself plenty of you time. 
seeker:That's a good point. I struggle with that.
supporter:Maybe set aside a few hours each week where you do something just for you, even if someone else claims that they need you. 
seeker:I will try that! Okay, thank you so much for your advice. I'm going to log off now. This has been very helpful.
supporter:Wait till we hit the fifteen minute mark :D. And you're most welcome, have a lovely day! 

supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling?
seeker:I'm feeling pretty good right now. 
supporter:Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?
seeker:I have a friend who knew me since I was little. She is a little older than me. She still treat me like I'm still little. I tried to explain to her that I'm a grown woman and I grew out of lot of things when I was a kid. 
supporter:Is she listening to you? I know how it feels to be patronised by people who are older. 
seeker:She still didn't get it. I want our relationship to move further but with her like this. I feel sad. Is there anything I can do?
supporter:Well, if she is not listening to you when you try to talk to her you have to ask yourself whether the relationship is really worth it?
seeker:That's true. I didn't think about it. Should I approach her and talk about it before?
supporter:Yes, I think it's always worth fighting for a friendship but there does come a point when it stops being at all viable. 
seeker:Yeah, that's definitely true. I know she is a good person. So I would give her a chance and we can talk about it before.
supporter:Does she have younger siblings? I am the eldest of four and I sometimes, even at age forty five, find myself trying to tell them what to do 
seeker:She have a younger brother that is 9 years younger. She used to be only child for a while before her brother was born. 
supporter:It could be the cause of her behaviour. 
seeker:Maybe that's why. She have different personality than me. She is more into logical thinking and she love people and has bubbly personality. While I'm emotional but are social butterfly and after a while, I would need a break from people. 
supporter:How much would it hurt you to end  the friendship? Do you think you could make other friends and survive it or is it worth fighting for?
seeker:To be honest, there are some times when she made me cry or mad when I get home. I think that over the time and the more older I get, the more I would knowledge my relationship with her. 
supporter:I know that I don't know her but to be honest it does sound to me like your friendship is a bit toxic. 
seeker:I do have other friends that I could purse the relationship farther. I think I just felt bad that I known her for years and she is a good person. It's just not what I need right now. 
supporter:Sometimes we really just have to let things go. I know it's hard but it will probably good for your mental health. 
supporter:I hope that I have been able to help you today! It's a difficult situation for sure.
seeker:Yeah, thank you! You certainly helped me. 
supporter:Have a great rest of day :) 
seeker:You too! Stay safe and healthy! 
supporter:(can you press quit from your end; I am not allowed to do it from mine. Cheers!)

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling today?
seeker:I'm feeling really sad. I just found out that I was rejected from a job that I really wanted!
supporter:I am really sorry to hear that. It seems to be happening to a lot of people right now. Do you have anything on the back burner?
seeker:No. I've had a lot of interviews but no one seems to want to hire me :(
supporter:I would not take it personally - I have been struggling to find work too. I think it's the pandemic.
seeker:Sorry to hear you've been struggling too! I think it's just frustrating because there seems to be lots of jobs out there, but I must be giving a bad impression during my interviews.
supporter:Don't put yourself down! That is a really bad habit to get into when job hunting but i know how easy it is to do. 
seeker:Interviews are so stressful, though! I can't stand the thought of needing to do more of them.
supporter:Have you contemplated trying temping agencies? They pay might not be great but it is enough to get you by whilst you find something that you really want to do. 
seeker:That's a good idea. I hadn't really thought of that.
supporter:I've done a fair bit of it before ... there are good and bad aspects. You get to go to a lot of different places but it's also difficult to make friends and get settled. 
seeker:That does sound hard for me. I'm really shy around new people.
supporter:Me too. But the upside is you can pretty much choose your own hours 
seeker:How did you handle having to work with new people all of the time?
supporter:To be honest it was not all that easy. I tended  to keep my head down a lot and just smile vaguely when someone made eye contact. 
seeker:That sounds hard. I don't know if I can do that. It feels like I'll never get a job.
supporter:What about something that involves less physical contact? There's always gig work online. 
seeker:I wouldn't know where to start with that. I feel like most "online" jobs are probably scams.
supporter:I work on Amazon Mechanical Turk - if you're diligent you can make a fair few bucks there. Not sure it's a living wage though but you could try it 
seeker:I've heard of that. Thanks, maybe I'll check it out.
supporter:Give it a go ..you've nothing to lose but your self respect :P 
supporter:On that note I hope I have been able to be of some help to you today! 
seeker:You have, thanks for listening and for the advice!
supporter:You're most welcome and I hope that everything picks up for you again soon!
seeker:Thanks! Have a nice day :)
supporter:you too! (can you quit first, I can't from this end :P)

seeker:hi..How are you today
supporter:Hello, I'm fine thank you how are you?
seeker:Iam facing little depression because of discontinuing my academics.
supporter:I see, when did you stop academics?
seeker: Last year.I got married and my husbands family is not accepting to get me proceed with my masters degree.Iam very depressed about that..
supporter:so if I understand you correctly, you cannot continue your studies because your in-laws don't want you to?
seeker:yes..and iam finding it difficult to cope with that..
supporter:That sounds very disappointing, I can understand why you are feeling down about this.   I had to stop university halfway through for health reasons, and was not able to go back, I found that depressing too.
seeker:How did you manage to get out of the depression..If you dont mind,can you tell me what happened?
supporter:it is hard to let go of a dream.  it's normal to feel down about it.
seeker:Can you suggest some remedies of how to get out of depression..
supporter:I have mental health issues so I could not continue my studies, sadly.   I take antidepressants and have a counselor.
supporter:is there anyone you can talk to about your depresion, perhaps your doctor?
seeker:Oh I cannot go to counsellor because of they are too expensive..
seeker:I want to talk about it to some one but even my parents are not very supportive of me..
supporter:Are you in a city?  Some cities have free counselors
supporter:oh dear that is hard when your family is not behind you
seeker:Yes iam in a city..I dont know about any free counsellors..How to find the info
supporter:are you near a public library?  sometimes librarians are really helpful to find community information.  you could call them.
supporter:do you have a family doctor?
seeker:Oh I think we have a public library near to my houe..I can enquire about it
supporter:or of course you could do a google search for counseling
seeker:sure..I can do that..thank you for your help..
supporter:it sounds like what you are going through is a grieving proces.  it's the loss of a dream that was very important to you.  it will get easier over time
seeker:I really hope so that i will be happy with my life..
supporter:i hope you can go back to academics in the future, do you think that will be possible?
seeker:Its not in my hands,my family should approve .But I will be positive about this ..That is the only option i have left..
supporter:i see, may I ask where you are from? 
seeker:Iam from african continent..
supporter:another idea just came to me, there are free university courses online that you might be able to do in your spare time, if you have any
supporter:they may not get you any qualifications but they would satisfy your thirst for knowledge
seeker:I will certainly look in to it ...Thank you for all the suggestions and help..I really appreciate it..bye..
supporter:coursera.com
supporter:all the best, bye, was a pleasure speaking with you

seeker:I am sad
supporter:I sometimes feel sad too, these days have been really difficult 
seeker:Its very stressful now that I don't have work
supporter:Since when have you stressed 
supporter:In life all comes and goes 
seeker:Since last week when I was fired
seeker:It am struggling to pay for food 
seeker:I can only eat bananas 
seeker:And I only have 0.05 cents
seeker:that only enough for one banana
supporter:I was also in your position I found a part time job in amazon turk and also in GoPuff they hire without too many requirements
supporter:May I suggest you to look into those options? Do you have any friend who can support you while this passes 
seeker:I work for amazon turk too. It's the only way I can afford my banana based diet 
supporter:I try to find the best HIT which pays the most 
seeker:I have friends I can call 
supporter:I would call them in order to get some cash while you go back on track 
seeker:Their name are Plantain, Cavendish and Musa acuminata
seeker:They are really nice
supporter:Great names, they sound nice. A good friend is a treasure 
seeker:Yes, those are all my girlfriends. I'm very good friend's with one of their husbands, Dole. 
supporter:I always try to see the positive side of every situation, they always happen for a good reason 
seeker:He had helped me in the past. 
supporter:And do you live by yourself ?
seeker:We took many great vacations to South and Central America to India, China and Africa
seeker:Which is where all types of bananas grow.
seeker:We flavored so many bananas
supporter:South america is awesome I love it. People there are very positive outgoing even though their countries are not developed 
seeker:I live alone. Just me and 349 garden knomes
supporter:I love bananas I think we could live eating only fruits 
supporter:vegan people only eat fruits and vegetables 
seeker:I need to support my garden gnomes children. They will starve if I can't find a job quick!
supporter:I sometimes do fasting it helps 
seeker:Maybe I should move to South America and open my own farm
supporter:I am sure you will find what you need soon 
seeker:Last night I had a bad dream
supporter:That is a great idea hope you invite me to have one of the fruits you grow 
supporter:What was it ?
supporter:What was the bad dream about ?
seeker:That I only 467 gnomes
seeker:That I only had
seeker:I LOST ONE OF MY GNOMES
seeker:I JUST LEFT HIM BEHIND
supporter:I would be happy with all this gnomes 
seeker:SOMEWHERE SCARED AND CRYING
seeker:IN THE RAIN
supporter:Is it cold up there?
seeker:And then the HORRORS, the rest of my children starved RIGHT BEFORE MY EYES
supporter:In these times of pandemic is good to be careful with temperature changes 
seeker:And then they SHRIVLED INTO NOTHING
seeker:I was devastated 
supporter:I would try to think about the good things life have
supporter:Think that tomorrow the sun will shine again 
seeker:WOW you're right!!! Thank you so much for your help
seeker:I have a new purpose
supporter:That's great to always have a new purpose, go get them!!
seeker:I see the true goal of my life
seeker:Thank you
supporter:Every dream that you have comes with the power to make it come true 
seeker:THANK YOU
supporter:Thanks to you because you really make me open my eyes 

seeker:Hi
supporter:hello how are you ?
seeker:I'm in depression because my exam is near and I can't finsh my studies.
supporter:can i ask you ,why you can't finish 
seeker:It is because i'm very behind in my work.
supporter:try to catch up with your studies give more time then you feel better
seeker:How am I going to catch up on my work?
supporter:i think you need to be confident about your studies then you fell better
seeker:How can I be confident?
supporter:i think you need to take more online classes those can help you
seeker:Ok I will try to get in an online class if I can.
supporter:because same think happen with me and i took online classes those help me a lot
supporter:*thing
seeker:Ok how much time do you spend on online classes?
supporter:i spend like 3 hours a day on online class 
seeker:Thanks for the idea do you have any more tips?
supporter:i think you need to take help from your family or friend those who know all about your studies 
seeker:Thanks for helping me I might pass the exam after all.
supporter:your welcome , thanks for sharing your problem 
seeker:Your welcome!
supporter:any time
seeker: Bye!
supporter:good to talk with you ,bye

supporter:Hello, how are you?
seeker:hi
supporter:how can i help you?
seeker:I am very sad because my friend is ignoring me  
supporter:please can i ask you why she is doing this?
seeker:Because she does not really like me and she thinks that I am not good for her
supporter:i think you need to make other new friends those who give you more time
seeker:I just need help with making friends because I am really shy
supporter:do you have other friends
seeker:Not really
supporter:try to make more friend because they can help you when you are sad
seeker:I don't really know how. What about you?
supporter:i have lots of friend , i really like to make friends , 
seeker:How do you do it?
supporter:i just always listen their point as well .
supporter:so they like this thing
seeker:Ok that is very good advice thank you very much for helping me
supporter:your welcome ,i think you need to listen them then they like you more 
seeker:Ok I will take your advice thank you.
supporter:your welcome.
supporter:thanks for sharing your problem with me
seeker:Your welcome thank you . This has made my day and now I now how to make more friends.
seeker:Thank you for chatting with me today and have a great day. Bye!
supporter:bye

supporter:Hi, how are you?
seeker:I am not that good
seeker:I have tried everything but not able to find suitable job
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. What would you like to talk about today?
supporter:Would you like to discuss job-search strategies?
seeker:Yes
seeker:I actually created good profile on LinkedIn
supporter:We're in the middle of a pandemic, so it's been hard for everyone to conduct a job search. 
seeker:but so many people apply for same openings within few minutes.
supporter:That's a great start. The quality of your profile is important. Did you ask anyone to give you feedback on your profile?
seeker:Its highly competitive nowadays
seeker:Yes, I am taking feedback from my ex-colleagues
supporter:That's good. Have you benefited from their feedback? Do you think a profession resume writer might be of help? 
seeker:They have been very helpful but because of pandemic its pretty slow and lot of people are applying for same profiles
supporter:What sort of position and in what industry? 
seeker:I actually used to help people in the past in their profiles but now its not working
seeker:I have a software background with business intelligence
seeker:Looking for position as business analyst of BI Developer
supporter:That sounds like a competitive profile under normal circumstances. 
seeker:I have worked for several years in a dynamic startup enviornment
supporter:The demand for those positions has probably dropped because of the economic slowdown. is there any other sort of job that would interest you?
supporter:Is that the kind of job that you can do from home?
seeker:I was working on a senior position but I am looking for profiles like early starters
seeker:The senior positions are difficult to grasp because of economic slowdown
seeker:Yes, I was working from home for a while in my previous organization
supporter:If you are good with numbers and software, you are probably a good fit for other jobs.
seeker:Yes, I have atleast 5 different resumes with little tweaks. In a startup, you end up gaining knowledge of various fields.
supporter:So you're interested in going into the startup world?
seeker:No, I don't want to go back startup world again. That's not at all reliable
seeker:Its highly risky
supporter:Ok. So you want stability and a higher-level position. 
seeker:Stability is much more important, I don't need a higher-level position at this point of time. I am already looking for junior profiles to enter faster in the job market
supporter:Is it possible that you are overqualified for those positions?
seeker:Yes, but I have made customized resumes for different profiles. I tend to remove many things like MBA wherever its not required.
seeker:I generally try to apply with a balanced resume, its just that market is highly competitive.
supporter:That might work, but I wonder whether HR will want your credentials once you get a job.
seeker:I doubt HR will have any concerns about my credentials about being over-qualified after getting hired. The reporting manager may be anxious rather happy to know about my skillset
supporter:Ok. It's hard to know how companies play those things now. Sometimes they check your social media accounts for any inconsistency. 
seeker:Yes, they do check the social media accounts but I tried to keep generic profile over there to avoid concerns.
supporter:That's good thinking. Play it safe. 
seeker:Yes, thanks. I will keep trying I guess. Hopefully I get a job soon.
supporter:Is there anything else you would like chat about?
seeker:No, that will be all. Thanks
supporter:Ok. Have a good day. 
seeker:Thanks, you too.
supporter:Ok. 

supporter:hi..how are you today..What is it you want to talk about today?
seeker:Hi..Iam doing good..iam feeling very sad about breaking up with my girlfriend
supporter:Oh I can understand..when did the break up happened..
seeker:A month ago and still iam not able to come out if sadness.
supporter:Oh Do you want me to suggest some ideas of overcoming sadness in my life..
seeker:Yes i would love to hear them
supporter:Did you try talking to friends and relatives..this helps a lot..
seeker:yeah I will try that but Iam very embarrassed to talk about my breakup to my friends..
supporter:Dont worry..I myself went through the same and talking to friends helped me a lot..
seeker:Yeah i will try to find some friends..do you have any other ways..
supporter:You can try some online forums to people who are facing the same type of issues..
seeker:Are they beneficial in overcoming to the hardest feelings..
supporter:ofcourse they are very useful..I myself went to long walks and it helped me a lot 
seeker:Is considering counselling a better option?
supporter:Try other strategies first,if you dont find them helpful and if you can afford a counsellor,then you can try going for therapy.
seeker:I didnt know counselling is very expensive.are there any low cost options?
supporter:Yeah there atre some NGO s that can offer low cost counselling.You can try them.I myself tried those and found them very useful.
seeker:Oh I was not aware of the options about the low cost counselling.Thank you..
supporter:You are very welcome..I hope you feel better soon..
seeker:Thank you for the reassurance..I appreciate it..
supporter:Is there any thing else I can help you with?
seeker:No thank you..you are very helpful..bye
supporter:bye..

seeker:Hi..how are you today
seeker:Iam looking for some help towards facing breakup with the partner
seeker:can you help me providing some emotional support
seeker:Is there anything that I can do to be get out of the sadness in my life
supporter:Absolutely. Tell me more about it. When did it happen? 
seeker:it happened about a week ago..my boyfriend is being very possessive about everything I do
seeker:I find it not convincing and broke up with him
supporter:I see. Were you living with your boyfriend? How was your life post breakup?
seeker:ye since an year..Iam feeling an emptyness in my life
seeker:Do you suggest anything to come out of this
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. It must be difficult. I have gone through a lot of breakups in my life too, and I  know what you are going through. 
seeker:yeah how do you manage after your breakup
supporter:Has the sadness eased over time in the past year? Were you consciously taking some measures to get over the stage?
seeker:Yeah iam implementing of taking a new hobby which is distracting me a little
supporter:On average it takes me about a year to get over this. I feel like there is no better person for me, I don't know what the future brings, and I am imaging all the scenarios where past relationships could have been successful for me. I took a lot of walks and spent a lot of time with friends.
seeker:yeah those are two good strategies to follow..I will be considering them
seeker:Do you have used any counselling?
supporter:I didn't. I wasn't able to afford them. I actually felt bad about venting the situation to my friends. They offered a lot of emotional support and I am sure they didn't want to seeing me like this. 
supporter:Do you have a support system in place? Are you considering getting counseling?
seeker:Even I cannot affod a counsellor..But Iam too embarraseed to talk to my friends..
seeker:Yes ..Iam thinking about getting a counselling
seeker:do you know any best counsellors
supporter:I am glad that you are preemptive about it. I think one year in, if you still constantly think about it, a counseling session would help you get closure. Even if it is a one session, you can always assess after trying this out. My current company actually offers free counseling session if I want to, I understand it is called "One Medical"?
seeker:yeah thank you for the help..is there any other strategies i can follow
supporter:I also took up a lot of volunteering. It gives me a purpose and a group to belong to, where I can start fresh, have no baggages and meet new people. 
seeker:Yeah i think i will start fresh from tomorrow..Do you have any ideas about choosing next partner..
supporter:I am not familiar with the dating situation in pandemic time. I would say take it slow. If it is a right partner for you, it will make you a better person. 
seeker:yeah sure..I will take it slow..I think that will help me
supporter:I am glad that we are able to chat. I hope things can start working out for you and you are able to move on to a new chapter of life. 
seeker:Yeah thank you for your help..I appreciate it..
seeker:I hope you have a wonderful day..Stay safe and healthy.
supporter:Thank you. You too. I wish you all the best.

supporter:Hi - how are you today?
seeker:hey!
seeker:an doing better but things at work place gets me real down
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that.  What's going on at work that's making you upset?
seeker:i think boss hate me
supporter:Oh no!  That can be very uncomfortable.  Are there reason you feel that way?
seeker:nothing i do pleases the man
seeker:all he does is complain 
supporter:Ugh - is he like this with everyone else, too - or do you think it's just directed at you?
seeker:i think its directed to me 
supporter:Can you give an example and then maybe we can replay it a different way?
seeker:if am asked to complete a task, i do complete them and make sure no mistake was made, if he will evaluate the task he always sees fault in what i do
supporter:Hmm = that is frustrating.  Can you sit with him and go over each section that he finds fault with and ask how he would have done it?
seeker:he never give time to listen 
seeker:i think i'll quit the job
supporter:maybe talk to his secretary and make an appointment with him. 
supporter:don't quit the job unless you have another one lined up.  
seeker:i never tried talking to his secretary 
seeker:i think that's a good idea 
supporter:she's your first line to getting alone time with him!  she'll get you an appointment for sure!
seeker:i try doing just that, i hope it works 
supporter:good.  I wish you the best of luck!  In the meantime it's never bad to put out feelers (discreetly) for other jobs.  
seeker:thanks so much
supporter:you're welcome.  make sure you bring a list of questions, too!  good luck! Enjoy the rest of the weekend. 

supporter:Hey i hear your going through a divorce
seeker:Yes it's been a harrowing ordeal
supporter:Oh I understand i went through one a few years ago
seeker:Yea it's never easy is it? My kids are broken hearted since daddy doesn't live with us any more.
supporter:Yes that is common for kids to feel intense emotions when their parent separate. Don't worry just reassure them that both mommy and daddy love them
seeker:That's all I can do. Idk. They started visitation with their daddy this weekend and i feel anxious to let them go because their father is not the most attentive person.
supporter:Neither was my ex husband. I know what your going through just take some time for yourself while they are with their dad.
seeker:You mean like a hot bath? Or a good book?
supporter:Well darlin that depends. Do you enjoy those things? Why not pamper yourself? Mothers work nonstop, they deserve a break. All in all he is their father and will not risk neglecting them. Because if he does he loses them 
seeker:Yea i suppose your right. Btw yes i love to soak in the tub with a bath bomb and a good book. Yea no one really seems to understand what us mothers go through on a daily basis. I'm glad it's not just me who sees it.
supporter:Well there you go. Go run you a hot bath. Toss in a bath bomb, and grab your favorite novel or new novel and soak your troubles away!
seeker:Your right. He won't hurt them. Not with what is at risk. I'mma enjoy myself till they come back tonight. Thank you so much!
supporter:Of course sweetie, just remember to take care of you. There is still a woman under the mother. A lot of moms forget that and neglect themselves.
seeker:Yea after so long you just go with I'm a mom as your identity. I'm still a woman. I'm actually starting to talk to a new guy it's kinda exciting. 
supporter:Oh that's exciting! You get to start dating again! I didn't look forward it myself mainly because im jaded and have little faith in men XD. What do you look for in a man?
seeker:That's easy! Someone intelligent, good looking, kind, dominate, hardworking. Someone who loves to get out, but is just as happy to sit down and binge watch netflix. 
supporter:Ohh i want one! If you find one, see if he has a brother!
seeker:Haha cute! No worries i will.
supporter:Great. Well it was great talking to you!
seeker:You too! I feel so much better!

supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:Hi there, I'm struggling to be honest. 
supporter:What are you struggling with?
seeker:I've been finding it really hard to motivate myself to do anything for the last year or so, but it's been getting worse recently. Everything feels like hard work. 
supporter:To be honest, I feel the same way sometimes, too.  It is nice to have someone to talk to about this.  Have you talked to anyone else about this yet?
seeker:I haven't really, I feel like other people have their own issues and I don't want to burden them. It's good that others feel the same. Do you have any advice on what makes you feel better? 
supporter:Yes.  I agree.  For me personally, I noticed if I think back of a time before I lost my motivation, sometimes it helps me to reenergize a bit.
supporter:What have motivated you in the past?
seeker:Hmm, I'm finding it hard to remember a time I didn't feel like this! I feel like this has been going on forever! I used to enjoy walking, and generally getting things done around the house. I am also self employed and loved putting time into my business but I've been finding that hard recently. 
seeker:I've been watching a lot of Netflix and youtube and not doing much else.
supporter:I have been spending a lot of time home by myself as well.
seeker:How do you cope with it? How do you not get bored and restless? 
supporter:I noticed if I try to adhere to a schedule, even a very simple one, such as getting up at a certain time, making breakfast, and showering.  My days tend to go better.
seeker:I've been finding I have a lot of time alone with my thoughts recently. 
seeker:That's a good idea, I could try that. At the moment I get up at around 11am but U have been trying to get up earlier but I just can't make myself do it. I've also been sleeping during the day which is maybe not good. 
supporter:Have you tried reading?  I find reading motivates me sometimes, too.  Sometimes too much thinking alone leaves me digging a hole for myself.
seeker:I used to get a lot of pleasure from reading and would always have a book on the go. Now reading feels like a chore, as if I am making myself do it. 
supporter:I sometimes force myself to exercise when I get sleepy when I shouldn't be tired during the day.
seeker:That's a good idea I could definitely try that. 
seeker:I suppose that is a little weather dependant though. 
supporter:Maybe try YouTubing?  There are a lot of interesting channels that talks about science, technology, personal health, ... etc.  That can be beneficial to you and worthwhile.
seeker:I do watch a lot of youtube, but it's mainly true crime I am into. I always forget there is other content on there other than what is in my subscription box. 
supporter:Certainly.  I have a pullup bar and some weights at home.  Even without those, sometimes I just do some bodyweight exercises, such as pushups, squats, ... etc.
seeker:Home workouts would be good. Do you use an app, or just make up the moves yourself? 
supporter:Yes, the YouTube algorithm is not always the most helpful sometimes.  You can try logging out to see if you see some other recommendations.
seeker:I will do that after this chat, and see if I can find any home workout videos on there. 
supporter:I used to be in the military, so I have a rough idea of what exercises I can perform and how much of it I can do each time.  Looking up more information on it is a great idea.
supporter:Overall, I noticed if I can stay clean, healthy, and strong, many of my other problems tend to go away or at least appear less severe.
seeker:I'll do that then, and see if there are any useful apps I can use on my phone so I can do workouts on the go. I know it will be hard to get myself into the habit of doing it but maybe if I stick at it I'll see rewards. 
seeker:Yeah I suppose I need to try more to not give in to all the negative thoughts. 
supporter:I recommend finding a friend or partner to keep you accountable.
supporter:I used to have a spreadsheet for my exercises such as running, because I hate running.
supporter:Having to fill out that spreadsheet motivated me quite a bit at the time.
seeker:I'd love to find a partner! At the moment I can't really go out and dating and I'm finding online dating tedious. That's a good idea, I use excel for work so could set up a spreadsheet for exercise. 
supporter:Yes, have some fun with the spreadsheet, too!  Conditional formatting, plotting graphs, generating statistics.
seeker:I'll certainly look into it. Thanks for your help, I'm feeling a little more focused. 
supporter:My pleasure!

supporter:Hi, how are you? What would you like to discuss today?
seeker:hi. I am not feeling too well. 
supporter:How long have you felt this way?
seeker:i have been feeling this low for close to a month now
supporter:Has there been a big change in your life recently?
seeker:i was having an affair and i confided in my best friend about it. i found out that she told my other 2 friendd about it as well
supporter:Your friend violated a confidence. That sounds difficult. 
seeker:i dont know what to do
supporter:How long have you been married?
seeker:10 years
supporter:Is this the first affair that you have had? Has your spouse had any affairs?
seeker:i started having feelings for a guy at work. I worked with him for 8 years and now he left the comapny so i was feeling very depressed and he has a girlfrend now and wont talk to me. my life feels empty. my spouse doesnt know 
seeker:so i shared with my best friend as i wanted her to help me bring that guy back into my life
seeker:at the same time i dont want to leave my husband as for security reasons
supporter:Ok. It is possible that he will find out. It is better that he find out from you than someone else. 
seeker:no then he will leave me and i dont want to be alone/. iam 40 and i cant have kids. my husabnd is a lawyer and we live a comfotable life
seeker:he can never find out
supporter:If 2-3 people already know, then it's possible for him to find out. Could you go to couple's therapy? That is a good forum for discussing the marriage.
seeker:after i confrotned my firend, she said that my husband doesnt deserve me. and called me manipulative and malicious. I denied the affair and told my other firends that she is lying
supporter:You had an affair because you were dissatisfied with your marriage. Why do you think that was?
seeker: my husband hasnt slept with me for over 4 years 
supporter:You want intimacy and affection. What do you think caused the change in his behavior?
seeker:i dont know, he gets mad when i touch him. he wont divorce me either as he wont want to give me money from the divorce
supporter:You don't need permission for a divorce in the US. Where do you live?
seeker:i live in Chicago
seeker:but i wont be able to support my self and i dont want to be a divorcee
seeker:i am married to a lawyer and people look up to me
supporter:Does other people's admiration mean that much, more than an unhappy marriage? Also: if your husband finds out about your affair, what would happen?

supporter:Hi, how are you? what would you like to talk about today?
seeker:hi how are you
supporter:I'm fine.
seeker:i am facing a lot of depressino in my life
supporter:Ok. That sounds challenging. What do you think might be causing that?
seeker:my husband is a very sadistic and abusive person who finds fault in everything i do
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. How long have you been married?
seeker:Iam married for 5 yaers..and Iam not happy even a day
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you are unhappy. What sorts of things does your husband say and do?
seeker:He is not very responsible at home and doesn't even bother to do his job sincerely..
supporter:You have more responsibility at home. You would like him to help you more at home. What kinds of things would you like him to do?
seeker:He is kind of sexually and physically abusing me for everything I do..and say..I want him to be a good husband and father to my kids..
supporter:This is a serious matter. Have you spoken to anyone in the local government about this?
seeker:No Iam very scared to get out of this relationship thinking about my kids..
supporter:You need to be strong for the sake of your children. How old are they?
seeker:can you tell me how to reach out to the government
supporter:There should be a website for the local gov't in your city. Also: there are NGOs that help people in abusive relationships. They can provide counseling and more. 
seeker:okay  i will try to find them..also is there any peer support groups that you can suggest me
supporter:I would contact a local hospital. They might have a list of NGOs that manage support groups.
seeker:sure.. i will try to find for help. anything that i should consider
supporter:People want others to change, but usually that is too much to hope for. Important steps have to be taken by you first. The first step is to talk to someone and get perspective on your situation and learn what options you have.
seeker:yes i understand.. thanks for the help today
seeker:bye..
supporter:My pleasure. I'm glad I was able to help you.

supporter:Hello..Iam here to help you today..how are you doing today
seeker:Hi..I am facing immense sadness because of a recent breakup with my boyfriend..
supporter:I can understand that is very hurtful..can you tell me more about the help you need 
seeker:My boyfriend was very abusve and is very doubtful of me ,so I need to be broke up with him.
supporter:you can come out of breakup and have a start with new life..
seeker:Can you provide me some resources on how to do that
supporter:Of course..Try getting talked to friends and family who can understand you..
seeker:Yes I can do that..anything else?
supporter:Yes..They are many online forums and groups who are having a lot of people facing similar issues..Talking to them makes you feel new and refreshed..
seeker:Yeah..I can try that..
supporter:I strongly believe that you will be fine with in no time..
seeker:Do you really think so?
supporter:For sure..I am a real survivor of broken up relation ship..
seeker:Can you suggest me how to get in to a new relationship when i commit next time..
supporter:Be make sure the real attitude of the person.try to find some one with a kind nature..
seeker:I will certainly keep in mind..
supporter:Yes..and you should be not in a hurry to commit in to a relationship which many people will do.
seeker:Yeah that is a statement to be remembered..
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you today?
seeker:can you tell me which men are more kind .
supporter:Make sure to find a man who is not very bossy and gives importance to how you feel
seeker:Sure..thank you for all the help.
supporter:always welcome.Iam sure you will be alright..
seeker:Thank you .bye..
supporter:Bye.

seeker:Good afternoon, Would you be able to assist me?
supporter:hello, my name is Sue, how can I help?
seeker:I broke up with my partner 1 month ago and now I don't really want to meet with my friend anymore.
supporter:How is the friendship related to the break up can you please explain?
supporter:Breakups are such a challenging thing to go through.
seeker:We had friends in common and I feel they liked her better than me.
supporter:So you went through a breakup, and feel that the friends you had in common prefer her to you, so you don't want to see your firends any more, am I understanding correctly?
seeker:I have a fear they laughing at me behind my back, you know what I mean?
supporter:do you have any evidence they are laughing at you or not liking you?  or is it a feeling you have?
supporter:I know sometimes I think someone feels a certain way about me, but if I ask them, it turns out not to be true, and it clears the air.   Sometimes it's just in my own head.
seeker:I don't know how to explain. I have a feeling everybody even on the street are laughing because of my breakup with partner.
supporter:i see
supporter:but HAS anyone laughted at you?  or told you they don't like you?  or not responded when you have talked to them?
seeker:No, not really. I think it's just my feelings about it. Because you know my ex on a public was so perfect but nobody knows how she acted when we were alone...
supporter:i can relate to this.   I went through a breakup a couple of years ago, and left town.   Part of me is relieved I don't have to see those friends we had in common any more.  I didn't want to be jiudged for leaving him.   So I have experienced some similar feelings.
seeker:Good you understand me
supporter:Ah yes, the public and private can be quite different sometimes for sure
supporter:have you reached out to any of these friends to test the waters?  maybe called or texted just to touch base and have a chat that's not emotionally loaded, about light topics?   This might be a non-threatening way to test out how they are feelng about you.  You might be pleasantly surprised, and find that goes well.
seeker:One friend offered me to go for a drink tonight but I haven't replied yet. And also I don't want to talk about my ex at all, that's what I am afraid he can ask.
supporter:the other thing is these common friends might feel a bit awkard too about the situation.   They have to figure out how to relate to you both on your own, it's a change of dynamics, so might take a bit of time to settle out.   Can you tell your friend that you'd like to go out for a drink but that you don't feel comfortable talking about your ex at all?  Would your friend respect your request if you made one do you think?
seeker:Yes that's true. I believe he might understand me and accept my request. Would be quite challenging if we will meet my ex wth other friends in same pub. I live in a small town.
supporter:oh I see, yes that could be awkward for sure.  
supporter:i think it's important you go out with your friend, but can understand your reluctance to run into your ex.   Could you go out for coffee or lunch instead?
seeker:Well that's would be quite strange as we usually meet only for drinks.
supporter:Ah gotcha.   So do you think you will accept or not?  Or still need time to think about it?
seeker:I will give it a go and see what happens. I will text you tomorrow to let you know how it went
supporter:i hope if you go that you have an enjoyable time, and that your friend respects your boundaries.  And worse case scenario, if your ex is there, you could leave early...if it were me I'd warn my friend that I might have to
supporter:I'm glad you are going!   Take care of yourself and have a good time.   Was there anything else?
seeker:That's good tip, thanks
seeker:I think that's it for today. have a lovely afternoon
supporter:you're very welcome.  and you as well!  Bye.

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:I was looking for some assistance. I lost my job 4 month ago 
supporter:Losing your job is one of the biggest stressors in life, how have you been handling it?
seeker:Well first few month was kind off alright, Was looking for a job in different places without success. And now I am really depressed and I feel so useless.
supporter:I know what it's like to lose a job, and when it's hard to find a new one it can really make you feel low. What activities have you been doing in addition to seeking new employment?
seeker:Nice that you understand me, I was trying job websites alongside with jobcenter in town centre. I have jobseeker allowance but it will not cover the rent
supporter:I am living in a high-rent city and the only way I was able to keep my apartment was to find a roommate. Are there ways you can get help from friends or family until a new job opens up?
seeker:I am renting just a room at the moment, Before I had a girlfriend so we had to split the bill. After she left I had to take all responsibility just on myself to pay bills. I have few friends but don't think they could lend me a lot of money anyway
supporter:One possible solution, if it's possible for you, could be to sub-lease your room to someone else and stay with friends or family. Even if they can't loan you money, they may be able to let you stay with them for a week while you make money renting your room as an airbnb.
seeker:Oh AirBnB might be a solution actually. I will speak to my cousin if I could stay couple of nights at his place.
supporter:What sort of employment are you looking for? Perhaps we can brainstorm some places you can go to make connections for potential work.
seeker:I was working in IKEA warehouse before I got redundant
supporter:Working in a warehouse shows you have great skills for several other types of jobs. Have you checked small independent-contractor sites like TaskRabbit or Lyft to make extra funds while you search for a new permanent job?
seeker:I even haven't heard about those. I am really useless sometimes... What kind of jobs I can find there do you know?
supporter:Well, if you didn't know about them, that's not your fault. It's possible that you could find a new job opportunity while working on smaller tasks or by volunteering for a local organization. You could meet new folks who could provide you with new connections for employment!
seeker:I Will definitely try that. You are really helpful. Have you been doing any jobs through those websites?
supporter:Yes I am able to make a little spending money by doing small tasks like delivering real estate papers, or delivery take-out food. You can google a list of sites like RentSons.com where you can sign up to do an assortment of tasks, and your warehouse skills will come in handy!
seeker:That's cool, I feel now a lot better. Maybe I will be able to find even a girlfriend somewhere on those jobs. I feel lonely after my girlfriend left me
supporter:We all feel lonely when life gets hard, but getting yourself out there to do tasks will help you feel useful AND you could meet your future wife, you never know! I wish you the absolute best!
seeker:Thank you very much for you help. I learned something new today and feel much better
supporter:You're welcome. I think you'll do great.
seeker:Have a lovely afternoon! 
supporter:You too!

supporter:hello, how are you?
seeker:hi
seeker:how can i help you?
seeker:i'm in depression because i lost my job.
supporter:oh! did you search for new job?
seeker:yes , but is very hard to find new job.
supporter:yes i know its hard but try maybe you can get quickly if you find new.
seeker:sorry what you mean?
supporter:i mean if you apply for new job you can get quickly. then you can come out from this depression. 
seeker:yes i did but market is down because of this pandemic 
supporter:yes its difficult situation for everyone because of this pandemic. 
supporter:but try for online job
seeker:yes i'm thinking about online job because its difficult to go out 
supporter:try to come out from depression because its not good for your health
seeker:yes i try but I can't . do you have any idea to come out from this depression 
supporter:try to do some yoga its make you relax 
seeker:that's good idea i will try
supporter:try to watch comedy movies that make you happy as well
seeker:yes sometime i'm watching but after that i'm in same situation 
supporter:one i face same situation but i try those things it help i lot
seeker:yes i will do , Thanks
supporter:your welcome 
supporter:thanks for sharing your problem
seeker:thanks for ideas
supporter:Your welcome 
seeker:bye 
supporter:bye good to talk with you

seeker:Hi..Iam in severe kind of depression and stress.
seeker:Iam married for 7 years and have 2 kids..My partner never liked me and he only used me as a sexual toy .he is abusing me physically and sexually .
seeker:I feel like there is some one to share my pain and very badly need a shoulder to cry on.
seeker:I want to really go for some therapy to get out of sadness in my life.
seeker:i want to be there for my kids who are really a blessing from god.
seeker:I love to go back to my parents but they even dont look after me.
seeker:They worry about the society more than their own daughter.
supporter:Hello, I just connected. What do you want to talk about most?
seeker:I am seeking some emotional help with my depression
supporter:We can start over... It seems like you have having issues with managing depression. Is that so?
seeker:Iam a victim of domestic and sexual abuse by my partner.yes,I need some help 
supporter:It is OK to ask for help. Many people do it every day. You deserve to be heard. 
seeker:Yeah I have two beautiful kids,I just want to be there for them in their life.
supporter:You have a wonderful dedication to your children, I can tell.
seeker:Yeah also I am looking for some financial security for my kids future which is possible only with a job..
supporter:You mentioned this before, but have you tried therapy sessions?
seeker:Yeah Iam looking to go for therapy ,but not able to find a therapist according to my budget.
supporter:There are many ways to find a mental health professional at little to no cost. Look in your network and see if you can find someone without a co-pay, or if you don't have insurance, you will be able to find people who provide services who use sliding pay scales. 
seeker:Those are very helpful ideas..Thank you very much.I will try for sure.
supporter:You are welcome. Sometimes you will pay as little as 0-$20 a session. I've found this to be helpful in my life on multiple occasions. 
seeker:Oh I didnt know that the therapy sessions are that inexpensive.I was in a opinion like they cost me 200 $for each session.
seeker:Any opinions that I can consider?
supporter:You have to find what is available. Avoid big buildings full of psychologists, usually the more independent practices are reasonable and provide better service IMO. 
seeker:What kind of therapies are useful and beneficial to me in my situation.
supporter:Probably someone to talk to, so just a counselor or therapist fits the bill. I am not a doctor so don't take anything I say as medical advice btw. 
seeker:Sure..That is very helpful..Can you suggest where to find some online forums to find survivors with my same condition.
supporter:I found a lot of chat boards and information from a google search. You are not alone and it is OK to feel and to be going through this. 
seeker:I think you are provided me with valuable help and advice..I appreciate it..Thank you..I think I can exit the chat?what do you say?
supporter:Your are welcome and I wish you the best in life. You can exit if you wish. 
seeker:sure.bye.
supporter:bye

supporter:Hi, how are you? What would you like to discuss today?
seeker:Hello my name is Marie
seeker:I have a lot of depression
seeker:I feel like I'm always hurting
supporter:Hi, Marie. You are dealing with depression. I'm sorry to hear that.
seeker:I have low energy most of the time except for when I'm working
supporter:What is it about work that gets you going?
seeker:My job is fast paced I work for a call center working from home
supporter:You spend a lot of your day talking and interacting with people. Do you enjoy the work?
seeker:I'm always taking one call after the other and barely got time to think about my problems I'm dealing with
seeker:I enjoy my job
supporter:The work distracts you from your problems but it does not give you time to address them. 
seeker:I feel like I get to help alot of people
seeker:it distracts me from my problems exactly
supporter:I'm sure you do! Phone support requires a lot of patient explanation. That is challenging for many people.
seeker:I'm actually one of the best at my job 
seeker:I wish I was that good with myself personally
supporter:I'm glad you have found success and fulfillment at your work.
seeker:Thank you 
supporter:If your job is good for you, what do you think makes you feel depressed then?
seeker:I don't know what I'm going to myself when I'm not working
seeker:I feel hopeless about many things
supporter:Exercise? Reading? School? Friends?
supporter:Hopelessness might be something that you have learned because you have expectations.
supporter:Do you feel that there has to be some sort of result? Progress? Improvement? 
seeker:trying to lose weight, trying to void getting diabetes, having better conversation with boyfriend , convince him to spend more time with me instead of work buddies after work hours, want to finish college, being able to buy a house, improving my credit, convincing my dad and brother to get mental help
supporter:If you didn't do any of those things ever, how would you feel about yourself?
seeker:having a more active lifestyle , making new friends
seeker:those are things I need to accomplish
supporter:Now imagine you achieve all of those things, and you do so in spectacular fashion. Would you be happy? Or would you find another reason to feel hopeless?
seeker:I believe those are the things that have been bothering me for a long time 
seeker:not being able to accomplish those things makes me feel hopeless
seeker:frustrated
seeker:feel like I'm meaningless to thers
supporter:It's important to remember that you choose what goals to pursue. You decide the criteria for success and failure. You are the final arbiter of your life.
seeker:those are all goals in my life that I need to reach
seeker:I just don't know how most of the time
supporter:I understand. We all have goals. Goals can be helpful. But ask yourself why you chose those particular goals. 
seeker:I feel like I can't get guidance anywhere
seeker:those are goals that when I accomplish them it will make me feel better
supporter:It sounds like you need someone to tell you what to do, or to give you permission to do what you want to do. 
seeker:if I accomplish them it will feel like there was improvement
seeker:probably I've been used to my dad telling me what to do for a long time 
seeker:I lack self motivation
supporter:If you need permission, I hereby grant you permission to pursue what is meaningful to you. 
supporter:You gave me a list of things that you want to achieve. Pick one.
seeker:I want to do all those
seeker:I'm not sure what should I do first
supporter:I understand. Which one is more important. Which is the one you can do right away? Also: which one do you really *not* want to do?
seeker:I feel like all those goals will take some time
seeker:can't be accomplish right away
supporter:Of course. Anything worthwhile takes time.
seeker:I need to stay on top of those goals but I feel like I get side tracked
supporter:You feel compelled to pursue these goals. Why? If you don't, what is the worst that could happen? What if you only pursued one goal?
seeker:pursuing only one of these will not be enough to make me happy I will keep thinking about the goals I need to accomplish
supporter:You need to readjust your expectations, which are causing you to feel unhappy. 
seeker:is there a technique that you can suggest I follow to feel self motivated and keep my goals organized and in check
seeker:I will feel successful after completing most of these goals
supporter:Pick a small action, like making your bed. Establish a habit of doing it daily. It will be easy to build on that success, but you might first establish a habit.
seeker:yeah sometimes I don't make the bed I wait to see if my boyfriends makes it sometimes 
seeker:sometimes I do make the bed
seeker:it's not that bad doing that
supporter:Make the bed every day. Then pick another small goal.
seeker:I actually feel good about my self after making the bed
seeker:procrastination seems to get the best of me
seeker:I wish I made the bed more often
supporter:That is evidence that you should continue that behavior. 
seeker:that sounds weird
seeker:not what you said I referring to what I said I think it was weird 
seeker:right?
seeker:maybe you're right I need to make it a habit
supporter:What do you think sounds weird?
seeker:I need to make the bed more often since it makes me feel good after making it
supporter:That is not weird at all. 
seeker:oh okay thanks 
supporter:When we accomplish something, our brain rewards us with chemicals. 
seeker:wow 
seeker:that's good to know
supporter:It sounds like your brain just gave you a squirt of chemicals.
seeker:that explains that feeling after making the bed
seeker:lol
supporter:You have some big goals. Break them down into smaller ones. 
seeker:yes I think those are mostly big goals that's why I don't know where to start
supporter:Weight loss is quantitative. Pick a number. 
seeker:pick a number?
supporter:How much weight do you want to lose? How much can you lose this week, this month? It doesn't have to be much, but it must be measurable. How much less do you want to eat? It doesn't have to be much but it must be measurable. How much do you want to exercise? It doesn't have to be much but it must be measurable.
seeker:that's really good advice to break down that goal
supporter:Great! I'm glad I was able to help. 
seeker:you did
seeker:thank you so much
supporter:I wish you the best of luck with your goals!
seeker:thank you very much
seeker:I really appreciate your guidance 
seeker:have a good night
supporter:You as well. 

supporter:Hi, how are you?
seeker:I'm ok just kind of sick of the same old stuff happening at work
seeker:This co worker keeps going behind my back
supporter:That sounds like a difficult situation. How long has this been going on?
seeker:For about a year 
supporter:What is your co-worker doing exactly? Saying things about you? Gossip to your boss?
seeker:So she asks me to do something for her which isn't possible.  Like give her a report on data that we don't have access to. I tell her I can't do it and she starts going to other people asking them, they reach out to me to ask if its possible and I tell them the same thing
supporter:It sounds like your co-worker doesn't trust your abilities. Does the co-worker have a legitimate reason to ask for the report? Is it important to the company?
seeker:Shes just trying to please people by throwing data at them
supporter:The co-worker hopes to get in their good graces by looking productive. is that right?
seeker:yes
supporter:Ok. This has been going on for some time. Is it possible to discuss the matter with your manager? With HR?
seeker:we are in hr
supporter:That's a challenging situation! What do your other co-workers think of this behavior?
seeker:i haven't talked to them about it we are all remote so no one to talk to
supporter:Would you feel comfortable talking to them about this issue? 
seeker:not really, i'm afraid they will think i'm just a complainer
supporter:I suppose it depends how you frame the issue to them. If you say, "So-and-so is bothering me and I can't stand it" then you are complaining.
supporter:However, if you ask them for their opinion,
supporter:and say, "What has your experience with so-and-so been?" it might open up a conversation.
seeker:maybe

supporter:Greetings, how are you doing today?
seeker:Don't know really how I'm feelin
supporter:Hell, even that's ok sometimes.
seeker:I guess so...
supporter:Is there anything you'd like to talk about?
seeker:Why does love hurt so much
supporter:Are you hurt because you lost someone?
seeker:She broke my heart after all we had been through
supporter:That's a tough one. I imagine you have a lot of pain after that.
seeker:Are all women the same
supporter:How would you feel if you were her?
seeker:I would have tried to square out things rather than acting selfish, however tough
seeker:But again I will never understand her position
supporter:It is good to try.
seeker:feel like the pain is becoming toxic
seeker:i would love to, but without the truth I might be fooling myself
supporter:Have you ever considered some outside help, like a therapist? There are many out there and you might find it helpful.
seeker:I hadn't thought of that
supporter:I myself have done it and it helped.
seeker:Thank you
seeker:How was the experience 
supporter:It helps to have someone to talk to.
seeker:Thank you. I will make an effort 
seeker:thank you for listening to me
supporter:You are very welcome. Good luck!

supporter:Hi. How are you? What would you like to discuss today?
seeker:hello my name is Marie
supporter:Nice to meet you, Marie. How are you doing today?
seeker:I've been feeling really anxious after work
supporter:I see. That sounds like a difficult situation. Could you tell me a bit more about your job?
seeker:I'm doing well with work after work my focus becomes my boyfriend coming back from work
supporter:After you get home, you focus on your boyfriend when he comes home from work. Do I understand correctly?
seeker:yes 
seeker:I work from home
seeker:I live with my boyfriend at hotel
seeker:we've been together for over 5 years
supporter:Ok. So you are having some conflict with your boyfriend?
seeker:yes I have been and it's not new issues
supporter:Are the issues about money? Work? Many different things? 
seeker:I don't know when he exactly comes back from work
seeker:I would like to know when he exactly finishes working 
supporter:Ok. So you would like to have more information about his schedule and when you will be together with him. Is that correct?
seeker:Supposingly he's staying at work after work having drinks with co workers
seeker:He does this often
supporter:Ok. He is socializing with his co-workers and you would prefer that he come home and spend time with you. Is that right?
seeker:I would like him to give us more time
supporter:Ok. Socializing with co-workers is sometimes part of the job. Of course, your relationship with him is much more important, or it should be to him. What does he say when you talk to him about this?
seeker:I don't mind him staying late at the job sometimes but it seems like everyday he's socializing with his work buddies
supporter:Ok. By the way, do you have friends that you could socialize with? I understand that you want to spend time with him, but what other people do you have in your life?
seeker:I've mentioned to him about it and he always say that he will try to be back earlier , he gives a time he will be back, he says okay he will stop the drinking so much but he can't keep his word
seeker:I really don't have anyone to physically hangout with 
supporter:Ok. Do you enjoy chatting with people online? You seem to chat well with me, so I think that you could connect with others virtually.
seeker:it's always been a struggle to make new friends to hang out with
supporter:Hobbies are a good way to connect with people. What do you like to do?
seeker:after high school it has been a struggle to meet new people to hang out
seeker:I tend to just hang out with new people I meet probably once and never see them again
supporter:Ok. My suggestions is that you find a friend or two to connect with virtually or physically. Perhaps joining a club, a gym or a class would help. This is one way for you to gain control of the situation. 
seeker:I used to enjoy Zumba since I like dancing , I spend most my freetime watching movies and different series on Netflix also like to watch the home remodeling shows
supporter:Passive entertainment is not bad, but it does not help you make friends. Zumba and other activities are great for health and can help you meet people. Is there a place in your neighborhood?
seeker:I feel like I have social anxiety and that prevents me from having a conversation with someone
seeker:I think there is a gym nearby
supporter:You might want to see a medical doctor about that. There are probably treatments that would help you adjust to social settings.
seeker:I don't have insurance 
seeker:I think psychological therapy can be expensive I don't know how much it will cost
supporter:Sometimes there are free clinics, and perhaps a university has programs so that their students can learn to help patients.
seeker:those free clinics usually have a long wait 
seeker:I don't know if they have improved their system
supporter:True, but it is important to take steps toward changing your situation.
seeker:I get impatient sometimes
seeker:yes I agree
supporter:I hope that this chat has helped you.
seeker:I think it has to do with my father being mostly a single parent raising my brother and me he used to keep us inside the home
seeker:most of the time
supporter:I understand. Life is about change. The past can loom large and we need to understand how it affects our perspective on life.
seeker:my father and brother are even worse than me now
seeker:they don't really have any relationships with anyone just family and they barely talk to them
supporter:Ok. You are not them. You are a different person. You can make your own choices.
seeker:I don't want to be like them
seeker:that's why I moved out from my dad's home
supporter:That is a good first step. Good for you!
seeker:its been almost 7 years since I moved out
supporter:Now it is time for more steps. 
seeker:my dad didn't want me to hang out with my boyfriend for 4th of July
seeker:I was 26 and my dad forced me to stay home 
supporter:That is an odd request. Why do you think he wanted that?
seeker:I called the cops after my dad dragged me inside the house
seeker:he did not want to become independent
seeker:he did not like my boyfriend either
supporter:It sounds like you have unresolved conflict with your father.
seeker:oh yes there is alot of conflict with my father and brother
supporter:Ok. Well, I've enjoyed chatting with you. I need to go now.
seeker:when my boyfriend and I went to visit 2 months ago the cops came twice to my dad's home
seeker:they all got in a fight
seeker:ok that's alright if you have to go
seeker:thanks for the chit chat

supporter:Hello!  How are you today?
seeker:Hello. I am alright and yourself?
seeker:I am just a little bit upset at the situation
supporter:I am doing well, I am sorry to hear you are upset
seeker:I thought I could trust my best friend. I really saw her as my sister. ..but I was wrong
seeker:I am not sure how to deal with this
supporter:I'm very sorry to hear you are feeling this way
supporter:Have you tried talking to her?
seeker:I have spoken to her. At first she stated that she was angry at me after speaking with my partner. Then the second time she told me that it wasn't worth telling him everything and that she was sorry, 
seeker:But our friendship will never be the same. I lost a best friend at the end of the day and my daughter lost her God mother
supporter:wow, there is a lot going on for sure, I hope it assures you too know that tough times to pass.
supporter:Do you have another outlet? Someone else to turn to? Maybe get a hug?
seeker:Yes I truly believe that. 
seeker:I have my family .. they live about an hour away but they are very good listeners
supporter:Waiting for the time to pass is like torture sometimes, I know
supporter:I am happy you have more support
supporter:Do you have a car or a way to get there if you wanted to?
seeker:I think the hardest thing that I am going to have to surpass is being able to trust again. 
supporter:well the fact that you recognize that is a big deal
seeker:I personally do not own a vehicle of my own. It is one that belongs to my partner. I am trying to save up to get my own
supporter:Accepting the truth is the hardest
supporter:That is great you have started saving
seeker:I figured if I don't, I would probably have a hard time getting over it you know?
supporter:there are many new money saving APP's out there, some make it easy to achieve a goal, maybe that is something you could check out?
seeker:Yeah.. but how does one go about gaining back the trust of others or getting themselves to that state of mind where they are comfortable with it again?
supporter:I understand what you are saying
seeker:Yes for sure. I am going to look up some apps. thank you for that
supporter:Opening themselves up to the opportunity to be hurt again.....
supporter:that is the only way to know whether you will love or trust someone, the trickiness that is life!
seeker:Not to be hurt again ..to be open enough to trust someone again..
seeker:I hear you
supporter:that is the sad thing, you kind of have to accept that getting hurt will always be a possibility, maybe it won't sting as much when someone has to go an prove you right....
supporter:that's my thought
seeker:Truth. I guess I just have to keep that kind of mindset. Go into things and enjoy them but proceed with caution?
supporter:Yes! That is a great way to put it!
seeker:Thank you for the advice. I really appreciate it. 
supporter:Just never forget you are worthy of love, happiness, and nothing but good things
seeker:I feel a little brighter having spoken to someone about it.
seeker:Thank you for that tip as well
supporter:I am happy I could help
seeker:I needed to hear that
supporter:Things will look up!
supporter:I am happy you let the words sink in!
seeker:I really have hope that they will :)
supporter:a smile face is a good sign!
seeker:I appreciate your help. Have a great day. 
seeker:Thank you again
supporter:Thank you!!

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling today?
seeker:Just a bit sad. The holidays always seem to do that.
supporter:Are you wanting to get back to work?
seeker:Work is a good distraction from life.
supporter:Well yes I can concur with that. I have often found work takes my mind off my problems.
seeker:Work can set you free from your own thoughts
supporter:Well that's not a phrase that I much like. But there's nothing wrong with liking your job. 
seeker:Oh sorry, wasn't saying it in the same context of Hitler. It actually predates the Nazi's . But nonetheless it can be taken the wrong way. My bad.
supporter:It's okay :) I did not realise that it predated Hitler. On another note, tell me about your job?
seeker:Just your typical dead end job working for a corporation. Got to make the mortgage payments. But given how many people are out of work we are supposed to be happy to have a job.
supporter:Well, a lot of people have been made redundant due to the pandemic - but that is not a reason why people should be happy with a dead end job. Would you consider something else?
seeker:Yeah just don't have the confidence to find a new job. I get paid a decent wage and the work isn't hard. It just isn't mentally rewarding.
supporter:It's okay to coast for a while if it's paying the bills but in the long term it won't be very satisfying. What would be your chances of retraining?
seeker:There's no other positions at the company I work at, I would have to leave the company. I am at the top of my position being a supervisor.
supporter:What about a whole new career though? Something you'd never even considered before?
seeker:That would take a lot of motivation to change careers.
supporter:I know but think about how worth it it would be! Did you have anything you wanted to do as a child that you never did?
seeker:Not really. I didn't have those types of dreams. I went to college , got a job, make money. Pretty much achieved what I set out to do. Didn't realize it wouldn't bring happiness.
supporter:Could it possibly be some sort of mid life crisis? I am forty five and frankly am starting to question everything in my life. 
seeker:Yeah I am a few years shy of a midlife crisis but I joke about it being a mid life crisis all the time.
supporter:heh it does creep up on you trust me :D 
supporter:On that note thank you for talking and have a lovely day!
seeker:Thank you, you too.

seeker:Hello good afternoon.
supporter:Hi, good afternoon.
seeker:I'm feeling anxious that I am going to lose my job. 
supporter:Losing a job is always anxious.
seeker:I hope I don't.
supporter:Why do you think you will lose your job?
seeker:I am on short term disability and I am not ready to go back to work yet but I do not have any job protection.
supporter:Oh so your job is not protected and your short term disability will end soon? Is that correct?
seeker:It's not ending yet, but no my job is not protected. I live in the United States, but I have not been at my job long enough to earn protection for medical leave.
seeker:you have to have been here for a year, and I started November 2020
seeker:I'm afraid that I will lose my job since I'm still on disability for the foreseeable future.
supporter:I see. Have you spoken to HR?
seeker:I have, but they are telling me that it is up to my department manager who isn't actually getting back to me about it yet.
supporter:Your department manager is not answering you?
seeker:No, I have sent them a few emails about it. It makes me nervous. I do not have a phone number to call and my psychiatrist really does not think I am ready to go back to the stress of my job.
seeker:I wish I could just call him, but I do not have a phone number for him. Just his email.
supporter:Have you tried mentioning that to HR?
seeker:HR is the one who gave me his email.
seeker:I don't think he has a direct work line, and they're not allowed to give out personal information.
supporter:Yes that is how most employments work about providing personal information.
supporter:That in itself causes anxiety to most since other forms of communication is not possible especially if they are not responding to ciritcal matters. 
seeker:Yes! 100%. Every time my phone rings I get nervous that I'm being fired and I'm worried I made a mistake going out on disability. I needed to though, but I'm nervous.
supporter:No you should not have to feel you made a mistake for the time you  are taking out of work for a necessity.
seeker:Thank you for saying that. That does make me feel better. It sucks sometimes we have to choose between our health and our jobs. We don't get paid to take care of our health though, we only get paid to work.
supporter:You know yourself more than anybody and you need to take care of yourself.

seeker:hello
supporter:Hello, how are you today.
seeker:i am worried about my friend
seeker:he is bipolar, went off his meds, is sick and won't get help
supporter:Do you know how long he has been off his meds?  Does he need help getting a refill?  It can be hard to no our "normal" things when we don't feel; that's for sure.
seeker:i am not sure....but he has gone manic, super hyper, and says he doesn't need his mads any more, he just doesn't want them
seeker:so i can't help him get a refull no...
seeker:i'm not sure how to help him, i've told him my concerns but he says he is just fine (he is not)
supporter:If you are that worried about him, it does sound pretty severe, it may be time to call someone to get him help.  Like his doctor or someone from the hospital.
seeker:i don't know who his doctor is...i tried talking to his sister, she said the hospital can't help him unless he goes there, and he does not want to
supporter:We definitely don't want him to hurt himself or someone else.
supporter:We definitely don't want him to hurt himself or someone else.
seeker:for sure
seeker:i'm not sure how to help someone who doesn't want help, you know?  so basically i am just stuck with all this worry, i care about him
supporter:Has his sister seen this kind of replace before?  And if so how did they address it then?
supporter:That is a really hard place to be.  His doctors phone number is probably on his prescription bottle.
seeker:she told me she doesn't want anything to do with him, apparently he goes off his meds a lot, and it has been super hard on the family...they can't handle it
seeker:hey that's a good idea!
seeker:I'd have to be sneaky....go visit him and hunt around....but I could try that
seeker:its got me so worried it is affecting my sleep
supporter:The doctor may not be able to get him in the office, but they would have his records and also be able to connect you to a facility to could maybe help him since the hospital can't
seeker:hmm okay, i can try that
supporter:I can imagine, I'm worried now too and I don't even know your friend. I really hope you keep me updated on how things go.
seeker:i will try to!  I think you're right though that the doctors office is the best place to call, thankyou for that suggestion
seeker:its tricky....with human rights they don't just haul people to hospital any more against their will lol
supporter:You're so welcome.  So it sounds like you'll call the doctor office (once you get the number) but please let me know if I can help any other way.
supporter:lol, very true they do not.  :) 
seeker:hmm i can't think of anything....but it really helps to get this off my chest and to have a plan of action, thank you
seeker:its sad his family has given up on him
seeker:but i guess everyone has their limits
supporter:you're so welcome.  glad I could help.
supporter:It's really sad, your friend is lucky to have you.
seeker:aw thankyou
seeker:i hope you have a good evening, thanks again, bye
supporter:you as well

seeker:Hi solution provider ! 
supporter:hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:Today those things have gone and all are fine.
seeker:When we happen to think of the old experience everyone is not satisfied and feeling anger .
supporter:So you are angry about what happen in the past
supporter:hello, are you still there.?
seeker:yes
supporter:good
seeker:All of us feel the same way.
supporter:so what is bordering you about the past?
supporter:yes, i feel the sdasme way too
seeker:We had not thought of such a difference between us.
supporter:Yes, so many differences
seeker:Nowadays, we only chat on and not try to go out. That makes us excited and enjoyed.
supporter:hmmm, that sounds fun
seeker:But it seems boring and thinking of making a plan that suits all. Do you have some experience of going tour with friends, so that I can get some idea from you.
supporter:yea that will  be boring on the long run, just try and mix it up
supporter:we always love going out to a place we have never been before
seeker:We do plan to have one kind of interest and those who want to join may join. This is the strategy we think will work out. But if having some pre notion we can be careful of it.
supporter:it a good strategy, just make sure you research well about where you wanted to visit before making the trip
seeker:Exactly, that is the idea behind this. Can you suggest some more>
supporter:and always have a budget plus some extra cash just incase, it always help us doing our expedition 
seeker:We do fix places, budget, etc., May be this time, we will be okay. Next time we will have a good idea.
supporter:just, just make sure you have fun.
seeker:How do you think about including our family members, all of us are senior citizens.
supporter:yes, u can. That is a very good idea for a family vacation especially after the long covid lockdown
seeker:Plan is not now, only after pandemic is over especially we being more than 50. Just have an idea about how to make it work.
supporter:ok, thats good thinking. let everything die down first
supporter:Nice talking to you
seeker:I think we make it first and then include the family members.
supporter:yes, that sounds like a plan
supporter:gat to go now 
seeker:okay. Had some nice opinions from you. Thanks. Bye.
supporter:you are welcome
supporter:do enjoy the rest of your day

supporter:Hello, how is your day going?
supporter:Hello, how is your day going?
seeker:eh
seeker:wish i could relax
supporter:Has trouble relaxing been an ongoing issue?
seeker:since i had to pick up two extra jobs on top of my full tiem job
seeker:cost of living went waaay up
seeker:boss cant afford to give me a raise
seeker:so i picked up two part time jobs i can do at home
supporter:It can be difficult to balance things like that, I feel you
seeker:i'm also in online school for my masters degree
supporter:It must be stressful
seeker:i just never get a break
supporter:That sounds hard
seeker:it isi  also have 3 kids. im divorced. i have an 8 yo daughter and twin boys that are 6
supporter:With all that ambition I'm sure you will find a way.
seeker:i guess 
supporter:Is there anyone you trust that you can ask for help?
seeker:my family is in another state. i dont really have time to have friends :/
supporter:There are a lot of counselors available that might be able to help you manage your time to the max. 
seeker:lol i have one. they said i am taking too much on but they cant see anything i can drop. :/ not much help. lol
seeker:not a bad idea though
supporter:I've taken on too much at one time before but I still found a way through. I bet you can too. 
seeker:thanks for the support
supporter:You are welcome. Never give up!
seeker:thanks
supporter:I hope that helps and good luck!!

seeker:what should I do?
supporter:Can you tell me a little more about your situation so I can better understand?
seeker:My friend's husband is spreading false rumors about me because my daughter moved up in soccer and theirs didn't.  He's telling people it's because I'm having an affair with the coach - who is married!  This is not true!  My daughter is a better soccer player. 
seeker:what do you think I should do? 
supporter:It sounds like your friend's husband might be jealous of your daughter, or embarrassed that his daughter did not get moved up also. Have you spoken to your friend about this?
seeker:I haven't yet.  I was deciding whether or not to talk to him directly or just her or both at the same time.  I am really upset and don't want to lose her.  I know people get all crazy about their kids and sports.  I agree that he's jealous but his daughter isn't really that good - didn't make the school team either.  Should I talk to my friend alone first?
supporter:It depends on the depth of the relationship between the three of you. How long have you all been friends?
seeker:About 6 years.  Our daughters are also friends, too.  I am single so I don't care about the husband but also don't want to come in between their marriage. 
supporter:Yes, that is a difficult situation to know how to handle. It could be in your best interest to leave your friend out of it so she doesn't feel stuck in the middle or forced to take sides. However she could view the opposite as you going behind her back.
seeker:yes that's true.  I don't want to go behind her back but also don't want to get her involved.  I could have the coach talk to the dad maybe?
supporter:Yes, coaches are a great resource for life's dilemmas. Perhaps another option would be to casually mention something to him in passing, like at one your daughters games as to avoid any big blowups or emotional exlosions.
seeker:Oh that's a good idea - in public and not making a big deal about it - and before she moves teams and rumors get worse. 
supporter:That is exactly right. Each person handles and avoids conflict differently and you have the important roll as leader in all of this. There is a chance he is not aware of the strain this has put on you emotionally and he could respond well to not being called out by someone else. Does that make sense?
seeker:it does - but doesn't seem that he cares about my strain on my life since he's the one spreading such lies about me.  I just hate him!
supporter:I can understand how you would feel like he doesn't care about the strain it's placed. Can I ask, are your daughters aware or involved in these rumor's? This could make a difference in how you could respond.
seeker:I did tell her because I was so mad when another mom told me.  She doesn't care.  She still likes the friend but not the dad. 
supporter:Sounds like your daughter has a good head on her shoulders. Maybe there's something to be learned from her reaction to all of this. I understand how hard this has been for you so perhaps simply ignoring the rumors will allow you to heal quicker, by simply being the bigger person. Because rumors are just rumors, after all. You and your daughter know the truth and that's all that matters.
seeker:yes you're right.  I will try to just ignore.  And figure out what to do with my anger over all this?  Maybe go for a run and also avoid him?
supporter:If he knows you know and you rise above with a smile on your face, that could show him that you are more mature than his childish games, and that you mean business. By taking ownership of your own feelings and emotions, you might find that will squash your need to let out any anger towards him.
seeker:oh I like that and I am willing to try.  I am tired of wasting my energy being so angry at this man who like you said is jealous which is HIS problem and shouldn't be might, right?!
supporter:Exactly. Let his problems remain his. You worry about you and your daughter and he can watch from a distance confused at his failed attempt to reflect his own dissatisfaction with life onto you didn't work. I think you will feel freed of any stress this has caused.
seeker:I really like that and I hope I'm able to do that!! Thank you!

supporter:Hi, how are you? What would you like to talk about today?
seeker:Hi! I have been feeling really sad the last couple of months!
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that! What do you think might be making you sad?
seeker:I haven't been able to find a decent job in a long time! I have great credentials but i doesn't matter what I do I never get called back! 
supporter:Have you had someone take a look at your resume? Sometimes employers have their systems set up to cue on special terms and buzzwords. A resume consultant might be able to help with that. 
seeker:I did it one time but it did not made a difference! I kept getting rejected from every company! It's like there is no place for me
supporter:if you have the qualifications, I'm sure that there is a job out there for you. How big a geographical area are you searching in?
seeker:I'm currently looking on the NYC area, because it's not an option to move out!
supporter:NYC probably has lots of jobs but it's probably also a competitive place, with lots of skilled workers. What kind of job are you looking for?
seeker:I'm an Anaesthesiologist and i have a fellow on Regional Anaesthesia and Acute Pain Management
supporter:Is it harder to find work because of the pandemic? This is an unusual situation for health care. Things might change for the labor market in the next few months. 
seeker:Yes i know it has been difficult for everyone! I try to calm down and tell to myself that this are hard time for all of us and that i just have to keep going forward
supporter:Ok, how is your life going outside of the work search? 
seeker:My wife and I have been arguing a lot, she's pregnant and that makes the whole situation more difficult 
supporter:That's a challenging situation for anyone! 
seeker:Yes I know! We've been able to keep things going because i had some savings and she is currently working at home! But expenses keep summing up
supporter:Is there temporary work that you might be able to do from home for the time being? It might not pay as well as medicine, but it could help with the bills. 
seeker:I haven't think about that option until now, I guess my mind was set on getting the job I've always dreamed of and didn't look at other options that might help my situation
supporter:That's understandable. You've trained for a job and you want to get the job. I think that in the long term, you will be able to achieve that!
seeker:I am! But for now I guess I will just focus on finding a job to help with the bill and keep trying as hard as I can to find a job on my field!
supporter:That's a great idea. I think that you can find something in the short-term. Companies are always looking for capable employees. 
seeker:You are completely right! You've been really helpful! I'm so glad i had this talk! I needed to vent and just have someone to listen to me!
supporter:I'm glad that I was able to help you! Have a great weekend, and best of luck with the job search. 
seeker:Thank you! Have a great weekend too! Thanks for your help!
supporter:Do you have a button on your end for ending the chat?

supporter:hi my name is Sarah, how are you feeling?
seeker:I  been in lock down over a year , how you think I am feeling?
supporter:ah yes lockdown...I don't want to guess how you are feeling, can you explain how you are feeling please?
supporter:I know I have been finding it really challenging
seeker:lets starts from chatting from scratch 
supporter:okay
seeker:you choose to help people like me  what is the secret ?
supporter:hmm I don't understand the question can you rephrase please?
supporter:it sounds like you are asking why I want to help people?
seeker:I have relation issue with a woman friend
seeker:yes yes that was the question
supporter:I feel good helping others....and a lot of people have supported and helped me in my life, so it feels good to give back
supporter:what's happening with your woman friend?
seeker:I probably in the near future will try to help people too
supporter:I hope you will find it reward like i do
supporter:what is the issue with your woman friend, do you want to talk about it more?
seeker:I live in Las Vegas NV USA which was real fun living there until a year ago when the lock down started.  it is  real depressing 
seeker:ok you want to know what is the issue , well she never listen to my advise
supporter:the lockdown has been depressing for me too, I can relate to how you are feeling.  We are coming out of it soon that's all that keeps me going
supporter:does she ask your advice?
seeker:at one time it did not bothered me at all but now I started thinking about  it
supporter:Does she ask you for advice or do you offer it without her asking?
seeker:OH yeah lot of rules are lifted and will go back to normal
seeker:yes she asked me but when I went out of my way to help she never comply
supporter:I see....so it sounds like she asked your advice, you gave her your advice, but she didn't follow it...
seeker:ok we been together for almost 14 minutes another one minute will say goodbye 
supporter:Maybe she needs time to think over all of her options for herself, maybe it would help if you are patient while she does
supporter:ok
seeker:what else you have to do today besides  helping people?
supporter:i am going for a walk later...I live in Ontario CAnada....it's a bit cool and windy today but I try to get out every day
supporter:we just entered another lockdown here

seeker:Hi
supporter:hello, how are you feeling?
seeker:I am okay. Thank you
supporter:i'm okay too
seeker:Thats good. Do you have plans for the holidays?
supporter:not really, i will probably just relax. what about you?
seeker:Just hanging out at home with my husband and son.
supporter:how's your relationship with your family?
seeker:It is pretty good. We all get along good. No issues
supporter:glad to hear so! 
seeker:How is your relationship with your family?
supporter:it's overly alright but i don't really get along with my father
seeker:Oh i am sorry to hear that. 
supporter:don't worry, it's okay i am used to it
seeker:Has the Pandemic affected your work life at all? 
supporter:not really i've always worked from home. what about you ?
seeker:Not me so much. Business was slow for quite a while because nobody was really working. But it affected my husband, because everytime anyone in our house got sick he had to leave work becase his work didnt allow anybody to be there if anybody in there household was sick. 
seeker:So he missed quite a bit of work
supporter:that must have been really terrible, i hope you all are coping with that
supporter:how did that make you feel?
seeker:It was nerve wracking because you never knew how long he was going to be out of work for. his work changed their policy about when he could come back everytime he was out
supporter:just from talking to you i can see that it was very stressing for you 
supporter:is he back to work yet? 
seeker:oh yes it defintely was. he is out again because I just tested positive for COVID. So he will be out of work for two weeks 
supporter:is there any possibility of him getting a vaccine? he seems to be testing positive fairly often 
seeker:He has never tested positive. I tested positive. Just anytime you get any kind of sickness his work makes you take time off just in case you have COVID. He has been tested 3 different times and it has always been negative.
supporter:oh sorry for misunderstanding you 
seeker:Thats okay
supporter:correct me if i'm wrong but sickness causes you nervousness? 
seeker:most things cause me nervousness.
seeker:i am a very anxious person. not sure why. 
supporter:i am nervous at times too and i usually try to take a break and do something i find comfort in when i feel like that. i can't imagine how siffucult must be for you to feel like this often
supporter:i'm sure you will be able to find a way to relief your anxiety
seeker:Yea i try to do that too. Most times its playing a game on my tablet or phone or something. it is very difficult feelling like this all the time. 
seeker:I am trying to not let things stress me out as much. 
supporter:playing on your tablet seems like a good way to releive your stresss, do you find it effective? 
seeker:yes most of the time. 
supporter:that sounds awesome
supporter:im proud of you for finding something that calms you down

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:yea im good are u a pyschiratrist or something 
supporter:No, I'm just a mturk worker but I'm completely willing to talk to you about stuff. Is there anything you had in mind?
seeker:i have things about overthinking about my past sometimes she flashes on and off through my mind when some of my collegues express their feelings of emotions through their relationships
supporter:Is there someone in your past that weighs on your mind?
seeker:The feelings i put for her the emotions its all gone for waste, she was my first love though 
supporter:Going through a romantic loss can be a lot to process. You will be able to let go some day. 
seeker:yea i ve watched a lot of motivation to help me relax my self , and i ve heard a lot of people say good things to me , my friends and family :) as time passes ill get much better i guess soo
supporter:It is definitely helpful to reach out. You got people that like you.
seeker:Yea the only people around is the only valubale thing to u in this world 
seeker:Do i have to keep talking  about my feelings to you ? i can trust you right :)
supporter:Definitely keep  talking to those people because that's gonna help a ton.
supporter:Yeah you can trust me :) I think we have a bit more to go. 
seeker:hmmm great!!!  i like you a lot so how do i avoid falling for the wrong one 
supporter:Take things easy and don't worry too much about it, because things will fall in to place naturally if it is a good fit. 
seeker:yea thank you so much 
seeker:Have u ever fallen in love ?
supporter:Yes I have a few times, and even though it hurts sometimes it is generally worth the risk. 
seeker:you must have gone through a lot i see , yea its worth the risk but also they away all that u have tooo :(

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello! How's it going? How can I help you today? 
seeker:Hi. It has been better. 
supporter:We all have those days :/ what's bothering you? 
seeker:I can't seem to get motivated.
supporter:It sounds like your having trouble giving yourself that little push to get the wheels turning. I've totally been there. What do you feel is the reason? 
seeker:I don't feel like it is worth it.
supporter:I understand, I've been there before. You just have to take one step at a time and not overwhelm yourself . Have you tried any tools to help you get going? 
seeker:What kind of tools would you suggest?
supporter:What I find that works is to make out a list of all the things you want to accomplish and the possible steps you need to get there. It also helps to let someone know how you feel like a friend or relative, you would be surprised that being open with people can open up new doors in life. 
seeker:I can talk to my friends sometimes.
seeker:I have big goals but can't seem to get little things right.
supporter:You feel like your friends don't listen or care? And trust me you are not alone. I am going through that as well. I messed up so you can say, but as time went on I realized that I can't live like how I was living anymore and I SLOWLY moved towards my goals. I just graduated phlebotomy school for example. 
supporter:What are your goals? 
seeker:Wow that's amazing. I want to start my own business but I have no money to start with. 
supporter:Thank you! Yeah money is tight these days especially with the pandemic going on. If your business has a good idea there are many venture capitalist that are willing to invest in your idea. You can search for websites and pitch it to them. But don't let anyone stop you, you can do it! 
supporter:Or even search for people in different forums with the same ideas as you, you guys can collaborate and possibly bounce your ideas off each other. 
supporter:There are also loans you can get from the bank. Don't get discouraged. It's never too late. 
seeker:That is a great suggestion
seeker:What else do you know?
seeker:THank you for the encouragement by the way
supporter:Check out crowd funding websites. Like go fund me, indi gogo, kick starter, and just giving. 
supporter:No problem! I'm glad I got to help! Please check out those websites especially kick starter because you basically pitch your idea and people invest in real time. Right away. 
supporter:I'm really glad I got to talk to you, you can do it. At least you have goals right?! That's already passed the first step. You got this! I hope everything works out for you. 

supporter:Hello, how are you doing?
seeker:Well, my fiance and I "sort of" broke up recently. I moved out of our place and all, but we continued to see each other at least 3X per week. And we both said we're not 100% sure that we're ok with us being done for good. - We promised to tell each other if we start dating anyone. He said he wasn't interested in dating. Three days after that conversation, I come over unexpectedly to find him making dinner for a woman I've never seen before. Turns out it was his 3rd date with her. He met her on a dating app a week before our conversation about promising to tell each other if we start dating others.
supporter:I'm so sorry that happened. Are you mostly hurt because he didn't tell you he was seeing somebody else?
seeker:To be honest, I'd still be hurt if he told me. But now on top of that hurt, I feel disrespected... and everything I thought I knew about him is kind of crushed. We were together 6 years, and I always, ALWAYS believed he was the most honest, kind, "stand up guy" I've  ever known.
supporter:You must feel really torn up about it. I can tell that you care about your relationship. 
seeker:Yes, that's true. The worst part is that he doesn't seem to think I have a right to be hurt. How do I even deal with someone who hurt me but doesn't care to take any responsibility whatsoever?
supporter:Maybe he didn't intend to hurt you. Its not like he invited you over to tease you. It is true that he didn't keep his promise, and that's his fault. 
seeker:That's true. He didn't invite me over. I expected him to be at work that night. I was coming over to see our cats, which still all lived with him. I still had a key and it didn't occur to me that I could invade his privacy since I had been spending 3X a week with him, and he was fine with me using the key. The whole thing was a shock. I wouldn't have come in had I known what I'd find inside.
supporter:That would definitely add to the distress of the situation to have a weird surprise like that. It doesn't really seem like your fault that you were there but it is unfortunate nonetheless. Have you tried talking to him yet?
seeker:Yeah. It's a long story to explain here, but at first he told me it was a first date... then he said it was a second date... then finally he said it was a third date. I had to figure out on my own that he met her through a dating app, which makes me feel extra icky because now I kind of feel like a stalker. (Don't worry, I didn't do anything illegal or immoral to figure this out at all. He left an easy breadcrumb trail for me to follow.... but it still feels gross that I felt compelled to research the situation because I could "feel" he was lying.)
supporter:That's ok, you have a vested interest in this person. It is natural to be interested in such things. 
seeker:Yes. I'm not only invested in him. I have a SUPER close relationship with his two daughters. Some of the reason he wanted to see me after our "break up" is because he didn't want to tell his daughters that I might be out of their lives forever. He told me so much.
seeker:And I love those girls so much.
seeker:They're 13 and 16. They were 7 and 11 when I started seeing their dad.
supporter:There are a lot of therapists out there that might be able to help you navigate this. It's OK to get some outside help. 
seeker:That's a good suggestion. I think individual therapy might benefit me. I could ask him if he's open to couple's counseling--even if it's over, it could help with closure.
supporter:Considering how much time you've put in to this relationship, I can tell you have a lot of feelings about all of this. 
seeker:I do. I appreciate your talking the time to listen to me. Sometimes just talking about an issue can help organize one's feelings and thoughts.
supporter:Really, it is no problem. It helps to let it out sometimes, I feel that. Make sure you take care of your own needs before starting to smooth things over. 
seeker:That is good advice. I haven't been eating or sleeping as well as I should since this all started. I'll work on that. --- Thank you so much for your time and help and kindness. :) I wish you a great weekend!
supporter:Thanks and you too, stay strong!
seeker:Thank you!!! Take good care, stranger. I sincerely wish you the very best. <3
supporter:Fare thee well sweetheart, best indeed. 

seeker:Hello?
seeker:Is anyone there?
seeker:Is anyone there
seeker:HELLO?
seeker:no one is supporting me here. 
seeker:::twiddles thumbs::
seeker:the instructions for the support seeker are incorrect as there is no button that has shown for "the partner's reasons".  
seeker:the supporter did not respond
seeker:This test is skewed.
seeker:No one is here to chat with. even after being matched.
seeker:Ridiculous.
seeker:hello?????
seeker:hello?
seeker:no other messages except my own are showing up.
supporter:Sorry, I had a bad connection. Hello, what can I help you with?
seeker:Hi. i wasn't sure anyone was there. i left my job about three months after 8 years. 
seeker:haven't found another one. 
seeker:trying to find one has been challenging
supporter:Just be clear, you're worried about finding a new job?
seeker:well, yeah. in the middle of a pandemic, and being in a new town. all of that has been really hard. and stressful
supporter:That is a difficult position to be in. It is a hard time, but there's always a way to persevere. 
seeker:yeah... i don't know ... i'm not sleeping well because i'm so worried
supporter:I could imagine that being a constant worry. I understand how you may feel.
seeker:thanks for trying to understand
seeker:it just seems pretty hopeless
supporter:No problem. I am encountering a similar situation, looking for a well suited job.
supporter:Have you tried looking in to new career fields that have always interested you?
seeker:Yeah, I am looking in a variety of fields
seeker:not much out there that is remote
supporter:There are a lot of jobs in technology where the only requirement is learning a few courses, such as programming. 
seeker:that would be cool.  i really enjoy tech
supporter:It would be nice to work in a field that you also enjoy!
seeker:yes it would. 
seeker:just don't have much energy to keep turning in cover letters and resumes. 
supporter:It can seem hopeless right now, but think about how you felt when you were in a better position.
seeker:yah thats true
seeker:you have any ideas on how to be less anxious
supporter:That helps me balance things out in my head sometimes. Sometimes we get stuck. It happens. 
seeker:yeah, stuck is a good description
supporter:Accept that you are anxious so you can control it instead of it control you. Accepting actually makes you less focused on it, because you don't have to wonder about it. 
supporter:I hope that helps and good luck!

supporter:Hello!
seeker:Hello, how are you?
supporter:I am doing great, how about you?
seeker:I am doing good. Can I talk to you about something?
supporter:Of course you can, tell me about it :)
seeker:I am worried that I won't be able to complete my degree.
supporter:Why so?
seeker:I can't get motivated, it doesn't seem worth it.
supporter:Hey I've been there too, but it really helped me meditating and going out with nature to clear my mind of things. You should try it!
seeker:What do you meditate about?
supporter:Nothing special, just sit in my room in silence. Listen to tutorials on youtube to meditate
supporter:They get me relaxed and motivated for the day :)
seeker:I feel like I would sit there and worry about things I have not done yet.
supporter:That's part of meditation! I too worry while meditating, but when i'm listening to the videos and following instructions all those worries go away :) If that doesn't help you, you can go out in nature to clear your mind off things. Being in the wild really motivates me to continue. 
seeker:Maybe it will calm me down. Does it make it easier to concentrate? 
supporter:Meditating absolutely does since the whole point is to clear your mind off things and concentrate on the task ahead.And the wild? that's whole other experience because you either concentrate on things or you get mesmerized by nature :)
seeker:That sounds amazing, I should give it a try :)
supporter:Please do! You can try it with friends or alone. With friends can be a more fun experience while alone can be more spiritual or calming 
supporter:I have tried both and both are amazing :)
seeker:I would like to experience that.
seeker:It sounds amazing

seeker:Hello
seeker:I am looking for some support, would you be able to help me?
supporter:HiHow may I help you today?
seeker:Hi there. It would be nice if I could discuss something with you.
supporter:sure! you can discuss. that's why I am here for.
seeker:Thank you! This is about a past situation. I once had a large tight knit group of friends. 
seeker:But there was a lot of fighting from some of them. I didn't like it. 
supporter:You had so many friends in past, now you had fight with them. Hope I get it right
seeker:Yea kind of. They sort of drifted away.
seeker:I was breaking up the fights really. 
seeker:I guess they weren't that good of friends to begin with...
supporter:Sorry for poor internet connection
seeker:THat is ok
seeker:What do you have to say?
supporter:It must be tough time for you. Things keeps on changing. there may be some sort of misunderstanding.
seeker:It has been tough.
supporter:I can feel how bad or lonely  you might be. It must be a stressful.
seeker:There's always ways to get over it but it is hard not to care.
supporter:When I have fight with friends, I try to clarify the things I where I went wrong or they made mistakes.
seeker:It would be nice to get something going where people could apologize. 
supporter:From past I have learnt that, friendship should be very transparent. There should be any space for thank you and sorry. It should be straight forward. If my friends doesn't like anything which I did, she should say that straight to me. I should respect her saying. Then it stays there for ever.
seeker:That's a nice personal anecdote. I should try to initiate contact at some point. I feel like most people are shunning each other. 
supporter:Yes, I would say that is human nature. Only thing is to do self realization. 
seeker:Thank you.
supporter:You are most welcome! it you are feeling much better now. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
seeker:No that was helpful, I appreciate it.

seeker:im depressed and angry
supporter:why would you say that?
seeker:i really want a drink
supporter:is there anything I can help you with?
seeker:i'm an alcoholic
supporter:do you think a drink will help you?
seeker:Just had a stressful day. depressed because if i go get a beer i wont stop
seeker:no i guess it wouldnt. 
seeker:it still sucks. i want to be normal lol
seeker:i get that thought in my head and its like i become obsessed
supporter:why not try to put attention in some other things instead of a beer
seeker:hmmm like what?
supporter:its only in your mind 
seeker:i hate my mind
supporter:like working out? it will give you a lot of benefits especially with your health
supporter:you can do it!
seeker:i actually was thinking of starting again. i did about 15 min this morning
seeker:i used to workout like 2 hours a day lol
seeker:thank you
supporter:oh that's nice
supporter:youre welcome!
seeker:i actually just switched from beachbody to les mills
seeker:i got bored with beachb body workouts lol
seeker:having something different is nice
supporter:of course you can try different things
seeker:i got on a sweet tooth. which i'm mad at myself for lol
seeker:i sued to never eat candy and junk food. the past few weeks...ugh
supporter:just do it with moderation, don't be mad at youself
seeker:ive always been really hard on myself, i dont know why
supporter:we all want to eat sweets 
seeker:lol
supporter:no, don't be like that you know you have to love youself
seeker:maybe i should make some tea tonight
seeker:i knowi have to love myself. i just cant figure out how lol
supporter:hope I help you somehow
seeker:honestly it was good getting stuff off my chest. i appreciate you listening
supporter:of course, just be confident of yourself and most of all appreciate yourself, I think it will help
seeker:Thank you. That is good advice. I appreciate it, and I hope you haave a good evening or night, wherever you are :)

supporter:Hello there, how are things with you today?
seeker:Hey, I'm doing well, how are you?
supporter:I am not so bad. Is there anything you'd like to discuss with me today?
seeker:Yes, I am looking for emotional support. I need to find a higher paying job.
supporter:Are you not happy in your current job? It's a bad time to be job hunting really. 
seeker:I was unemployed all year but that is no longer an option.
supporter:What sort of work are you looking for? Would you be prepared to take something outside of your usual field?
seeker:I want to do avoid labor jobs as I have other talents, but I'm not totally against it. 
supporter:Sometimes it is necessary to take a temporary job that you don't really like just to make ends meet alas. 
seeker:Yea, but I worry that it will be a waste a time that could have been spent towards building a career. 
supporter:Well true but if there's no work out there that will help build your career you kind of don't have much choice ;) 
seeker:Perhaps I should focus on what would be most fun to do. 
supporter:Have you thought of taking some sort of refresher or training course? There are quite a few available. 
seeker:What would you recommend? 
supporter:Hmmm well how are your computing skills? That's a great field to be in at the moment.
seeker:I am good with computers but not fluent in any programming languages. 
supporter:Well that would be an interesting thing to learn don't you think? Though I don't know much about them myself I must admit. 
seeker:It would take a lot of effort on the front end before you ever got paid. 
supporter:It would but if you've nothing better to do due to the pandemic it might be worth it 
supporter:Have you considered registering with employment agencies for temp work?
seeker:It would be nice to have something reliable long term, but I have done temp work in the past. 
supporter:Me too. It can be a bit soulless but it does pay the bills when you don't have anything else to do. 
supporter:Anyway I hope that I have been able to help you a little and that you are feeling a little more positive about things?
seeker:Absolutely. It is encouraging to know that I can get out there and work for anyone.

supporter:Hi, how are you? What would you like to talk about today?
seeker:Hi - I'm sorry. I stepped away from the computer for a moment while waiting... 
supporter:That's quite all right. The wait times can be a bit long. How are you?
seeker:Well, my manager has decided that everyone in the office will continue to work from after the pandemic is under control. But I've found myself depressed from working from home all the time.
supporter:Working from home is not what people expected. Many have found themselves isolated. They miss the interaction of the office. How long have you bee working from home?
seeker:For a full year--since March 2020, when the pandemic first started. I was working from home just 1 day per week prior to that, which I liked. But I've found that 5 days per week is much too much. I miss people. :( 
supporter:Have you and your co-workers talked to your boss about a hybrid schedule, maybe a couple days a week in the office? That might work. 
seeker:That's where it gets awkward. It seems like everyone besides me are super happy that we'll continue working from home. I hesitate to share my feelings because maybe my manager will change her mind, which would be a big bummer for everyone else on the team (seemingly).
supporter:I see. That's a concern. So you feel that if one person goes in to the office, then everyone else will have to? There won't be any flexibility?
seeker:Well, it's possible that my manager will say we can be flexible. But if so, I think I'd end up being the only one in my office working... which would be just as lonely as working from home while throwing away the few perks of working from home, like saving on gas. Plus, I think my company will probably want to repurpose our office space eventually.
seeker:lol, sorry, that was an ugly run-on sentence. :\
supporter:Hm. A bit of a dilemma. Can this situation go on forever though? Maybe the boss will extend the stay-at-home for a while, but when other companies go back to the office, the expectation will be there for all companies.
supporter:Other employees might change their minds bit by bit as well. 
seeker:That is indeed a possibility. But my office is in a city that has a whole lot of high-tech companies, which were moving towards doing more work from home even BEFORE the pandemic. So it kind of feels like this might be a "cultural shift" in my area in general. Although there has GOT to be a whole lot of other people who feel like I do. Maybe we should start our own company, lol. 
supporter:True. I don't think you are alone. Is there something that you can do to make working at home better for you? More frequent breaks? Better work space?
seeker:That's a good question. My state is still one of the ones that's mostly shut-down. Part of my depression surely stems from the fact that all evening/weekend activities ended a year ago as well.
supporter:True. It might be easier to work at home when you have a chance to get out of the house during your free time. 
seeker:That's true. And your suggestion of improving my work space is a good one. I've been working in a modified walk-in closet. I've tried to make it inviting, but there are no windows/etc.... it's kind of a dark cave.
supporter:Most people didn't plan for the long term because nobody thought that this was a sustainable way to work. By the way, if your company wants you to stay home, then it might help buy the equipment you need to be productive. 
seeker:That's a good thought. My computer is set-up on a folding card table. (I tried finding a desk a while back, but there was a huge shortage since everyone suddenly had to buy them for themselves, kids, etc.). I hadn't thought of asking my company to buy me one. Plus a more comfy chair could improve my attitude.
supporter:I think if you talk to your co-workers, they'll have ideas for upgrading your workspace. 
seeker:That's a great idea. Maybe I should set-up a "virtual happy hour" where we can exchanged the tips/tricks we've learned to make working from home more enjoyable this past year.
supporter:I think that's a great idea! People probably want to connect without having to talk about work. Later on, they might want to do the same thing but face-to-face. 
seeker:You're right! Well, thank you so much for your help.... and you TRULY did help me put this all into perspective. Sincerely, thanks! :)
supporter:Sure! My pleasure. Best of luck with all that! Have a great weekend!
seeker:Thanks! You too! Bye
supporter:Is there a quit/finish button on your end?

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling today?
seeker:hi. i dont feel too well. I lost my job 6 months ago and i am not ablle to find work
supporter:Oh wow I am sorry to hear that - it is a bad time to be out of work isn't it?
seeker:yes it is a horrible time. I dont know what to do and i dont have a lot of support and my rent is due for over 2 months
supporter:There are organisations out there who can help due to the exceptional circumstances .. do you have anyone helping you?
seeker:i dont have anyone helping me and i am new to this city so i dont know who to turn to
supporter:Hmm, could you google for local organisations such as Citizen's Advice? I have found them very useful personally. 
seeker:i have neve rheard of them but i will google them up
supporter:They provided me with loads of helpful advice and other people to get in touch with. Also, have you considered using a food bank?
seeker:i did look up food bank, but there is none located where i live but i might be able to drive to the nearest one outside the city
supporter:There are religious organisations that can sometimes help too and would not expect you to be of their religion.
seeker:that sounds super helpful. I can check them out as well. I also dont know if iam applying to the right jobs. It makes me so sad to be rejected every week
supporter:Try not to worry about it - it is not just you. The job market is awful right now but it will pick up again!
seeker:what else can you recommend
supporter:Are you eligible for unemployment benefits?
seeker:no because I didnt lose my job coz of covid. 
seeker:is there anything else i can apply for
supporter:But surely you should be eligible anyway, unless you just walked out 
seeker:I have chronic health issues so i was let go
seeker:do you have any other suggestions
supporter:Wow that is really not fair of them! I think you have grounds for legal action there 
seeker:i actually am considering that
supporter:You really should - nobody has the right to dismiss you due to your health problems, that is totally outrageous. 
supporter:I realise the prospect of legal action can be daunting and potentially expensive but you should be able to get legal aid and it sounds as though you really have been badly treated here. 
seeker:how can  start this priocess of a law suit
supporter:You'd need to get legal aid. Try and find a solicitor who works pro bono. 
supporter:Anyway I hope that I have been able to give you some help and guidance and that things look up for you in the very near future! Try to hang in there. 
seeker:i will try that. you have been super helpful . i will also google the location of food baank todaY
supporter:That's great .. I really hope it works out for you. Don't worry, you're not the only one to be in this situation and things can and do pick up 
supporter:Thanks for talking!
supporter:Can you press quit and take the survey - I am not able to from this end :) 

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hi, how are you? What would you like to talk about today?
seeker:I am sad since my friends are going out tonight without me.
supporter:That's too bad. Did they not invite you? Where are they going?
seeker:They are going to the bar. No they didn't invite me. I am not sure why.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a falling-out?. 
supporter:The pandemic has been hard on many people. I figure many friendships are going through a rough patch, eh.
seeker:Not that I can think of. We haven't talked much this week since school took up all of my time. Papers due and all that jazz.
supporter:A busy time of the semester. How's school going for you? 
seeker:Not bad. It is a touch harder than I thought but I am passing and that is all that matters. Thank you for asking.
supporter:School's going well enough for you. You'd like to re-establish ties with your friends. Do you do other stuff with them besides going to bars?
seeker:We'll grab a coffee in the middle of the day if our schedules line up. Happens once or twice a week.
supporter:That sounds like a good opportunity to see which way the wind is blowing, so to speak. Maybe you can feel them out to get a sense of what might be wrong?
seeker:Yeah that's a good idea. Open up some line of communication to see what is happening.
supporter:Coffee is casual, but people open up when they're drinking. That'll loosen their tongues. 
seeker:Loosen them if they don't burn them by accident first! lol
supporter:Don't take it personally. It's just one trip to a bar. There might be something else going on that you don't know about. Don't jump to conclusion. If they keep snubbing you, then you need to worry a bit.
seeker:True. I do tend to jump to conclusions. Probably was some kind of misunderstanding. I will reach out to them on Sunday when I wish them a happy Easter to see if we can set up something during the week next week.
supporter:That's a swell idea! Easter is a day of redemption and forgiveness. Maybe invite them over and have some Easter ham and Easter wine.
seeker:I am having Easter with the family so I can't do that but good idea otherwise.
seeker:Thank you for your help. You did a great job. You are good at this!
supporter:I've had a bit of Easter wine this evening. Easter drinking starts on Friday. Puts the "good" in "Good Friday." 
seeker:Yes it is good Friday. Thank you again and Happy Easter!

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling today?
seeker:Hello. I have a big paper due on Monday and I have anxiety over it since I didn't start it yet.
supporter:Okay, I know the feeling! Can you at least make a start tonight? That will make you feel better. 
seeker:That would make me feel better but I am going out drinking tonight with my college pals. 
supporter:Naughty! Though I must admit I understand that feeling too ;) Could you not at least rattle out a few paragraphs before you go?
seeker:That seems feasible. Figuring I had time to come on here and try to make some beer money first.
supporter:And try not to overdo it or you won't be able to work tomorrow either and then you'll really be in trouble
supporter:Have you at least done some groundwork for the paper even if you've not started writing it yet?
seeker:I have read some source materials. Outlined some stuff in my head. Nothing down on paper yet.
seeker:Yeah I am not planning on getting blackout drunk.
supporter:Well at least you can continue mentally preparing for it when you are out tonight 
supporter:Nobody ever INTENDS to get blackout drunk :D 
seeker:Sometimes I intend to, but that is a different story.
seeker:Yeah I could maybe get some ideas from friends too.
supporter:And you never know, you might get a creative burst when you get back and rattle it off in one. 
seeker:Alcohol can make people creative. That's for sure.
supporter:Oh yeah. Follow it up with a smoke and you'll be a regular Shakespeare. He was probably half cut all the time too. 
seeker:YEah or had some good mushrooms. I've been wanting to try shrooms just don
seeker:'t have a good source
supporter:i live in a rural area with lots of forests :P 
seeker:I've thought about growing my own but can't do that in the dorms....too risky.
supporter:Hmph I am not a very good counsellor am I? I should be telling you to stay in and work. But hey, life is short and beer is good. 
seeker:You gave some good advice . Nothing wrong with a little side chat to prove we are human.
supporter:Of course :). Hmm it's been many years since I was in Uni. Too many. 
seeker:Probably not too much has changed besides the cost. But that's a whole different story about anxiety. Luckily I am going for engineering and have a half of a chance to get a job once I graduate next year.
supporter:Ah it's a good field to be in. Do you suffer from anxiety generally or is it just over this paper?
seeker:Generally but it flairs up more around due dates naturally.
supporter:and exams too I will bet. Does your school offer any free counselling?
seeker:Yeah I never looked into it though. I probably should. Good idea.
supporter:I wish you all the best with it and thanks for talking! Do enjoy your night out and don't overdo it ;)
seeker:Thank you for the help. I am going to start writing some paragraphs now! 
supporter:have fun :P (you have to be the one to press quit first, I can't this side)

supporter:Hello. Thank you for joining the peer support session. How can I be of help today?
seeker:I broke up with my girlfriend since we didnt have chemistry and now I feel alone.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. It must be even more difficult in a pandemic time. When did this happen? If you don't mind telling me more about it.
seeker:This happened a month or so ago.
supporter:How are you doing recently? Do you have any coping mechanism that you can share with me? I can lend you an ear.
seeker:I'm lonely and bored. Feel like there is nothing to do by myself. I play video games to cope.
supporter:I went through the same process. I understand what you are feeling. I am glad that you are on Mechanical Turk and interacting with people. Which area do you live in? It is springtime and pretty outside. Have you thought about walking more walks?
seeker:Talking a walk is a good idea. Unfortunately it is cold today but tomorrow it is supposed to be nicer.
seeker:*taking
supporter:Yeah, I like to clear my head by taking a walk. I know it is a temporary relief, but it helps regulate my mood. Do you live with people, do you have conversation with people regularly? 
seeker:No I live alone. I don't like the people at work either so I don't talk to them. Every now and then I talk to a friend via text, I see my family rarely but will see them this weekend due to the holiday.
supporter:It sounds like you know what you are doing and you have a support system of your choice. Do you share stories like breaking up with girlfriend with them?
seeker:I share a little but don't want to burden anyone with my issues.
supporter:I have the same tendency. I don't feel comfortable imposing my struggle and my thoughts with people. I would personally recommend you sharing a little bit more with family during Easter. It doesn't have to be the intimate details of the breakup, it can be generic feeling, like loneliness.
seeker:Thank you for listening and giving good advice. You are really good at giving support!
supporter:I am glad that you find it helpful. I wish I can be around to hear more about it. 
seeker:That's sweet of you to say that.
supporter:I hope you all the best. 
seeker:THank you . You too. Good luck with what you do.
seeker:Are you a professional support person?
supporter:No. I actually recommend a book called It is ok that you are not OK. It helped me personally and makes me a more emotionally intelligent person.
seeker:I will look for that book. Thank you for the recommendation.

seeker:hi
supporter:Hi, how are you doing?
seeker:oh i am totally pissed off at my friend
seeker:he is an intelligent person....and was (is?) a close friend...but...he became an antivaxxer....critical of me for wanting a covid vaccine
seeker:it became unbearable....i got so mad i just cut off communication....i don't understand his pushiness.
supporter:Oh that's not good. Has he been putting pressure on you not to get the vaccine? 
seeker:yes
seeker:i said "lets agree to disagree" but he could not accept that
seeker:it's like he felt it was his duty to "save me"
seeker:i feel disrespected, basically
supporter:I know it can be really frustrating. I 've had a friend like that before. Would cutting him out of your life make you more upset? 
seeker:i'm not sure...but i have...and i miss him!
supporter:Or would you like to continue the relationship, but maybe not now?
supporter:I think that's something you need to think about. 
supporter:I mean he sounds kind of important to you that it's making you feel like this. 
seeker:i think maybe once covid blows over things might get back to where they were, i think that's what i want
seeker:but part of me is just hurt and doesn't want something like this to happen again with him
seeker:he is important to me, yes
seeker:we have been friends for 20 years, he's one of my oldest friends
supporter:I really understand how you feel. Honestly the best thing I did was cool off a little and think how I want to take this friendship forward. 
seeker:you had a friend like this before you say?  how did you deal with it?
seeker:as in what was the end result for you both, in your case? just curious
seeker:i may email him but i'm not sure....i don't want it to end up being an argument, i don't have the mental energy for that...(covid situation has left me mentally depleted)
supporter:So I cut it off completely because she was starting to be destructive. She called me selfish because I did not want to hang out with her during COVID. We met up and talked about it, but she was out of hand and I quit the friendship.    
supporter:But I think the best thing is to have some time alone and think about it. 
seeker:that's interesting....another covid-induced conflict
supporter:I know right.
seeker:i like your idea of taking some time...that seems like a sensible path forward
supporter:Think about all the good and bad stuff that has happened between you two and see if it's worth keeping this friendship. 
supporter:Don't really let your emotions take over. Think logically with a clear head. 
seeker:hmmm yes....maybe I will journal about it to get my thoughts clear
seeker:okay
supporter:I hope this helped. You guys may see each other and forget all about it. Laugh about it later. 
seeker:i can't figure out if covid has brought people together or torn them apart, honestly
seeker:lol i hope you're right
supporter:I think it has been tearing people apart because of everyone's different beliefs. 
seeker:covid seems to have brought out a lot of strong feelings in some people
seeker:i tend to think you are right....but early on people were rallying together it seemed....but that didn't last long
supporter:I also think staying in the house too long has really made us bored and tired and kind of out of our minds lol. 
seeker:maybe by fall society will become more cohesive again, what do you think?
seeker:hahaha yes totally
supporter:I hope so. I'm starting kind of a new life and I want to get on with it. 
supporter:I think we all want to get on with our lives 
seeker:oh really? what kind of a new life?
supporter:I'm really happy you are getting the vaccine. I just got mine yesterday. 
seeker:i need a vaccine...then i can restart my old life
seeker:wooohoooooooo congrats!!!
seeker:any side effects?
seeker:which did you get?
supporter:I just graduated, I'm going to Grad school in the fall and getting married. That's my life : )
supporter:Ok so I was sore and kind of sick. 
seeker:wow lots of exciting things!   which vaccine did you end up getting?
seeker:i'm expecting mine within the next couple of weeks, can't wait
supporter:I got pfizer which is the best from what I know. That and Moderna. Don't get any other kind. 
seeker:oh i won't....astrazenca became available for 55 plus yesterday....NO THANKS
supporter:If you're not afraid of needles go do it! I really encourage it! 
supporter:Just have a lazy day afterwards with some warm soup and Netflix. 
seeker:well thank you for talking with me....you cheered me up and helped me put my friend situation into perspective....i'll take some time like you suggested to asses my friendship
seeker:i don't mind needles...don't even care if i have a fever for a week...all totally worth it :)
supporter:No problem. It was very nice talking to you. And I hope you're situation with your friend has a happy ending. 
supporter:Oh I agree : )
seeker:congrats on your upcoming marriage and i wish you both every happines.   Cheers.....bye
supporter:Thank you!!! Have a good one!

supporter:hi there my name is Lisa...how are you feeling today?
seeker:Honestly, it's getting to me, COVID-19, not being able to leave my house safely, having a medical issue that puts me at higher risk.
supporter:i can totally relate to that, I am feeling the same way
supporter:how long have you been feeling this way?
seeker:I don't know what to do with myself. A year. I haven't left my house once.
supporter:so it sounds like you are feeling cooped up and not knowing what to do, am i right?
seeker:Yes, it's more than that.
supporter:can you tell me more?
seeker:I'm in this house, and scared. Nothing is getting better for me or anyone else I know.
supporter:may I ask where you are located?
seeker:In Mass.
supporter:it's normal to feel scared.  Of course it being normal doesn't make it any better...
supporter:can you get out for walks?
seeker:I live in such a populous area, I am afraid to. Especially with warmer temperatures coming. 
supporter:i see.  are you saying your sidewalks are too busy to be able to social distance properly?
supporter:i find getting out for walks is helpful.  i live downtown in a small city.   i wear a mask while I walk and veer onto the grass, into the bike lane or whatnot if someone comes...or I look ahead and cross the street if it's convenient...that makes me feel safer when i walk.  i have a medical condition too.
seeker:I just wish I could do that.
supporter:what is it that is stopping you, are the sidewalks too crowded?
supporter:without my walks I'd go crazy...it's my daily stress reliever....i am at home 23 hours a day
supporter:are you planning to get a vaccine and if so do you know how long you have to wait?
supporter:i agree with you it's a scary time...but things will get batter....the more people get vaccinnes, the better things will get for all of us
supporter:are you still there?
seeker:I am here. Just sad.
supporter:so if I understand you correctly, being stuck at home for a whole year is making you feel very sad.   Do you connect with people by telephone, zoom, online, email and so on?  It's important to connect as often as you can with people you care about
seeker:I do sometimes.
supporter:do you have a back yard or a patio you can go out on, which might be less scary than going for a walk?  Sometimes just the fresh air on my face is a relief
seeker:I do sometimes each my lunch in the yard.
supporter:thats good you are connecting with people, and have lunch outdoors.
seeker:Thanks. It feels good.
supporter:those are both important strategies for your low mood, keep it up
seeker:Thanks so much for talking things through with me.
supporter:you are so welcome..stay safe, it's been a pleasure listening to you

seeker:Hello. I wanted to talk about my academic pressures.
supporter:Hi there. What academic pressures are troubling you today?
seeker:Just lots of classes and expectations. Especially with group projects.
seeker:Needed someone  talk to about my stress and workload. I don't know what to do with these horrible group members.
supporter:I see. It sounds like being in the group project is especially stressing you out. Would you say that's pretty true?
seeker:Yes. I have roughly 3 different classes all requiring a group project.
supporter:I totally understand. When I was in school I remember being stressed out when we had mandatory group projects as well. Having to deal with others can be a bit stressful at times.
seeker:I agree. I also just don't know which project to proritize
supporter:I hear you, it sounds like you have a lot going on.
seeker:Yep. 
seeker:What should I do to relax my mind?
supporter:Have you thought about seeking advice from a close friend or family member? 
seeker:Not yet, I am scared to tell my family, considering that they view academic success heavily
seeker:With friends, most are busy with their own struggles and I don't want to be bothering them as much
supporter:I see, it sounds like you are dealing with your academic pressures all on your own right now then?
seeker:Totally. Feels pretty tiring and heavy
supporter:Is there possibly a school councilor you could seek advice from?
seeker:Maybe, but it feels scary and very awkward to seek them
supporter:I hear you, it's definitely not for everyone. 
seeker:thank you for understanding and talking with me
supporter:Of course! We all need an ear to listen once in a while :)
seeker:It really helps to get this off my chest
supporter:I'm so happy to hear that, it sounds like this was something building up. It's always good to let things out in one way or another.
seeker:ya it does help
supporter:Is there anything else you would like to talk about today?
seeker:Nothing really. 
seeker:Thanks for the conversation!
supporter:Okay, and of course! I'm glad I could help.

supporter:Hi, can I help you today?
seeker:Hello. I recently broke up with my boyfriend. We'd were together for 5 years.
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. That can be a really hard time and problem to navigate. Five years is a really long time too.
seeker:It was unexpected and sudden. I found out he was cheating on me.
supporter:That is a horrible shock to hear something like that. I  thank you for expressing yourself today it can be hard to share a disappointment. 
seeker:I am really strict about lies and he broke my trust, so I felt like I had to break-up with him.
supporter:You have good instincts when you can face a situation and make a judgment and decision. 
seeker:I feel like that's true but I miss him so much. Five years is a lot to just throw away.
supporter:Yes, you can feel like you have invested a lot after 5 years. I can imagine you have a lot of the same friends and that can be hard too.
seeker:We also have two dogs and own a house together. I just don't know what to do.
supporter:I can relate to on that level. When I went through a divorce I had to part with my house and pets. I went to live in an apartment and met a really nice guy next door and wound up marrying him. There can be light at the end of the tunnel.
seeker:I guess... I'm just not sure how to get to the light from where I am right now. I'm just so angry.
supporter:Being anger is valid and you have every right to be mad. You have been betrayed and have to work through problems that you didn't create. Do you have any close friends you can confide in sometimes?
seeker:I do, her name is Ann-Marie and she's wonderful.
supporter:That is fortunate and reflects what a good person that you are to have developed a close friend that you can trust. Maybe she could be your support when the evening and weekends get hard for you?
seeker:That's a wonderful idea. I will definitely do that.
supporter:If you are interested in religion often times they have local support groups to join as well.
seeker:I'm not religious at all.
supporter:Okay, an alternative is joining a local group that meets up for exercise in the park. Just an idea.
seeker:I have found that I have been focusing on my own health a lot more lately.
supporter:That is great news. Most of all thank you for sharing your feelings today and opening up. You are a path to healing but being so expressive and open.

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:I am OK but I have been struggling since my friend's are Trump supporters and that goes against my Morals.
supporter:I understand how your friend's supporting Trump is against your morals. Have you talked to them about it?
seeker:Yes. They refuse to change.
supporter:I've been in a similar situation and have dealt with friend's that support values that I don't.
seeker:How did you deal with it?
supporter:The friends that you can still have a dialogue with are worth talking to. I suggest friends that don't understand how you feel you stop talking to since they hurt you.
seeker:Yeah I have cut out some friends already. Maybe I should try talking to the more reasonable ones.
supporter:It can be really hard to do , talking to them but I believe in you, you can do it!
seeker:Thank you for the support. It will help me.
supporter:Do you think you will be able to do this soon? Lets set a time frame for this goal.
seeker:Maybe. Paul is usually hard to get a hold of so it might take a couple of weeks.
supporter:I understand it can be tough to get a hold of friends. 
seeker:Yeah, Paul is aloof like that. But realistically maybe in the next few weeks I can have a good conversation with him.
supporter:I would suggest meeting somewhere that you both enjoy. Maybe grab a burger and beer if that is your type of thing.
seeker:That's a great idea. It could make things less tense.
supporter:I've done something similar myself. A friend and I used to go to this one restaurant and I used that a meeting place for tough conversations.
seeker:Paul really likes IPA's so a brewery would probably be a good spot.
supporter:That does sound like a good idea.
seeker:Thank you for the help today. I think I have a good plan on how to handle this now with Paul.
supporter:You're welcome. Hope you have a wonderful day.
seeker:You too.
supporter:Just remember I think you can do it. Have confidence in yourself.
seeker:Thank you again.
supporter:No problem it was my pleasure to help you.

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi! Hope you are doing well
seeker:thankyou but i am not
supporter:How may I help you today?
seeker:i am so depressed...this covid isolation is really getting to me...i don't know what to do
seeker:i have trouble getting motivated to do basic things like cooking
supporter:You are depressed because you cannot meet anyone  due to COVID. Correct me if I am wrong
seeker:yes i miss my friends and my normal activities.   But also the stress of this whole covid situation i think is also getting me down.  Even though i know we are in the final lap
seeker:i feel so sad and down, do you ever feel like that since covid started?
supporter:The situation is really hard and depressing. As a human being we need people around us to share and care. 
seeker:yes...i do stuff like email phone and zoom but it just doesn't cut it, you know?   i didn't realise how much i need people until this happened
supporter:I can see very clearly that how much you are missing your friends. Time doesn't stay same
supporter:When 
seeker:i am not sure what to do to help my low mood
supporter:I feel alone I try to engage myself in doing gardening or yoga. It helps me  a lot.
supporter:You can do face time with your friend plan some virtual party. 
seeker:i have tried yoga and don't like it.   I don't have a garden but i do really enjoy and appreciate my houseplants
seeker:i don't feel comfortable on video, i don't know why, but that is a good suggestion
supporter:If we thing more about the current depressing situation, it drag us more into it. Better to give less attention to it.
seeker:so try to find things to keep busy and distracted then?  
seeker:and not think about this stupid pandemic more than i have to?
supporter:yes! you can do face time, Share jokes and any fun moment of past. 
seeker:i like the idea of sharing jokes.  humour definitely helps, i try to watch funny stuff on tv
supporter:You should give less attention to it. and engage yourself in the activities that you enjoy. 
seeker:ok that's good advice....thankyou...and it just helps having you listen
seeker:i have to go
seeker:thankyou for your help, i really appreciate your ideas and support
supporter:You can go out for a walk with precaution or you can spend sometime in your backyard
seeker:walks help for sure!
supporter:stay safe and have a wonderful time 
seeker:thankyou you stay safe too
seeker:bye
supporter:bye
seeker:actually
seeker:i forgot to ask, how long have you been gardening?  and what is it about gardening that helps you do you think?
seeker:did i lose you
supporter:gardening is my passion. I am doing it when I was 5. It makes me calm and relaxed. You can try it. Seeing plants growing is like seeing a new life to grow.
seeker:i live in an apartment so i don't have a place to garden...but i get a lot of pleasure from my houseplants
seeker:i think it's seeing nature....i also feel better when i walk in the nearby park...it's the birds and trees...they help my low mood
seeker:but sometimes i am just too low to get started a walk!
seeker:i will be getting a vaccine soon and i think seeing people again will help me...do you hve your vaccine yet?  
supporter:In apartment you house plants are great option. I love walking to. It is a great stress reliever. 
seeker:once i have a vaccine i can walk with friends again...go for coffee with friends...go to the store....etc....things will get easier
seeker:but we have had to be so patient for so long, all of us
supporter:After vaccine we should still take precautions by putting mask on to stay safe and keep other safe.
seeker:yes this is true
seeker:but the fear will be gone
supporter:yes thats true
seeker:less fear = less stress= better mood....I hope!
seeker:well thank you again
supporter:yes, stay safe n healthy

seeker:Hello
supporter:hi my name is Lisa, how are you?
seeker:I'm struggling to make it through the day. My daughter was hit by a car in September and the traumatic experience is weighing heavy on my brain.
supporter:it sounds like you are feeling troubled after your daughter's car accident am I right?
seeker:Troubled would not be the word I would use, but it wasn't a car accident. She was hit by a car in the street outside of my house.
seeker:She was coming home from school. She is only 5.
supporter:that sounds like it would be a very traumatic experience, it's no wonder this is hard for you, it would be hard for anyone in this situation
seeker:I have a hard time getting out of bed in the morning.
supporter:How  would you use to describe your feelings about this accident?
seeker:I would say that I am anxious all the time. She survived, but she had some serious injuries after. I feel like a part of me died that day, the part that thought I could protect her no matter what. I would say that I'm also feeling ashamed because it was out of my control.
supporter:It sounds like you are dealing with a lot...it is normal to feel anxious about it
seeker:Is that how you would feel?
supporter:and it's hard not to blame ourselves, but please remember this was outside your control
seeker:thank you for saying that. I quit my job to focus on her healing, and i don't want to go back to work now.
supporter:I have not experienced anything like this to be honest....the closest I can recall is encouraging my daughter to do something, and then she got hurt, and I blamed myself and felt like a bad mother
supporter:how is your daughter doing now?
seeker:She is healing well, she has a moderate TBI (traumatic brain injury) so there is still so much uncertainty. It sucks to blame ourselves for things that happen to our kids. 
supporter:the fact that you felt the need to quit your job shows how deeply this has affected you...do you miss your work?
seeker:No. And I'm completely dreading going back to work. I wish I could somehow get paid to exist so that I can just stay home with my daughter all day.
supporter:it sounds like you need to be with your daughter all day but also need the income that work would afford, am i right?
seeker:YES. And if you can figure out how to make that happen I'll give you 10% of the salary lol.
supporter:hehe...0% is all I'd ask for...
supporter:how about part time work would that be possible for you?
seeker:I've been looking for a remote part time job that has pay equivalent to a full time job. Apparently, that's not a thing.
supporter:i see...I would not know how to find such a job, i've often thought that would be a great thing to do..
supporter:i have a question
seeker:What's your question.
supporter:is there a friend or family member that can spend time with your daughter so it's easier to get back to maybe a part time job?
seeker:I don't have a family. Just my daughter, and my boyfriend who lives in Australia that can't come here due to Covid restrictions. She does see her Dad everyday, but the part time hours I would need would have to be flexible and no company is even really hiring part time at the moment from what I can tell.
supporter:I see. I wonder if you have spoken to a doctor about how you feel?  Struggling to get through the day must be so difficult.  I wonder if it might be helpful to get screened for depression
seeker:I have a psychiatrist and a therapist that I have been working with. Their solution is medication which I am extremely against. 

supporter:hello, how are you?
seeker:Hi there
seeker:Can you help me?
supporter:What help you need? please can you explain
seeker:I did not study for a test and I very poorly. I feel ashamed!
supporter:please don't feel shame you can do it
supporter:nothing is hard if we try
seeker:Exactly. I did not try!
supporter:so please try then you feel better
supporter:where you feel stuck in studies please can you explain
seeker:I just don't feel motivated to study
supporter:from today please feel yourself that you know everything about your studies , i think then you fell better
seeker:ok I will do that. Thank you.
supporter:give more time to your study then you know everything about your studies
seeker:I will! I need to put some effort in for sure.
supporter:yes you can do it 
supporter:just try
seeker:Ok I will try. I think the problem is not trying for sure.
supporter:so start from today then tomorrow is better day
seeker:great advice. thank you!
supporter:your welcome
seeker:I think that's all. I feel better now. I'll try more.
supporter:i face this situation long time ago i try my best and then i come out easily because i try my best

supporter:Hi, can I help you today?
supporter:I am available to listen and help you think through some things. I know it can be difficult to express how we are feelings sometimes. 
seeker:It can be difficult to express feelings. I agree.
supporter:Do you have a specific problem that you are experiencing?
seeker:I work a dead end job with no potential and it is depressing being there for 9 hours a day. Thats why I am on here instead of working.
supporter:That sounds really exhausting. You work longer hours than a normal job and must feel really burned out.
seeker:Yeah the burn out isn't the worst I experienced. I previously worked jobs that I was at for 12 hours a day but they were more rewarding.
supporter:You are definitely a hard worker and I hope you know that. You make a great employee puttin in som many hours.
seeker:I am there for 9 hours. I probably only work for 1 hour a day. The rest of the time I am killing time.
supporter:I was in a job that I felt was a waste of time and I was able to find another one eventually. I understand how you can feel. Do you have any plans to look for different work in the future?
seeker:No. I have no energy to find a new job. Also given the pandemic, keeping a secure paying job is more important than happiness. 
supporter:I can relate to that feeling too. You are exhausted and feeling like you cant get out of a rut sort of?
seeker:Yes you hit the nail on the head. In a rut for sure. 
supporter:I am glad that you are expressing yourslef today and facing your feelings. This could be a start to changing somethings in your life. It isn't usually easy talking about being in a rut.
seeker:It is very tough to express feelings.
supporter:I would like to suggest starting a journal to write down just the bullet points of how you feel at the end of each day. Would you consider trying this activity?
seeker:No. It has been suggested to me before. While I understand the benefits, it is something that I don't feel like doing. 
supporter:It can help to review your own thoughts dad to day and attempt to find a pattern that you may not be aware of in your life.
seeker:That's a good point about recognizing patterns.
supporter:You could always start with just taking 5 minutes per day and after a week quit it and reach back out and we can try something else. 
seeker:That is a good idea. I also see a psychologist and a psychiatrist for help. 
supporter:That is very productive. We have a lot of ideas for therapy and can work on finding the best one for you if journaling is a fail. Thank you for reaching out today!
seeker:Thank you for taking the time to listen.
supporter:You're welcome. Take care!
seeker:You too. Have a nice day.
supporter:Thank you!
supporter:I am available if you have anything else on your mind or you can kindly use the provided feature to finish/quit this session today. Hope to hear from you again soon.

supporter:hi! Hope you are doing well today
supporter:How may I assist  you ?
seeker:Hey! I’ve been better. Just so stressed out! I don’t handle pressure well.
supporter:Something is pressuring you and you are stressed due to that. Correct me if I am wrong
seeker:That’s right. I have three final exams next week and I’ve had the flu so I haven’t been able to study at all.
supporter:It must be hard for you to prepare for it. I can understand. But there must be a way
seeker:I’m sure I can figure something out. I’ll definitely have to study all weekend. I just really need to pass. Do you know any good tricks to help study?
supporter:I can easily see your seriousness and dedication for  your studies. That is awesome thing
seeker:Thanks! Education is very important in my family. My dad was a teacher so I’ve always had to live up to high expectations.
supporter:you should take a complete rest for 2-3 hours without worrying and then get up and eat something tasty and healthy. Afterwards sit for preparing for your exam. That's what I do and it helps me a lot.
seeker:I love that idea! I think I’ll feel much better if I take that time to just relax before I really start working.
supporter:There is a famous quote " Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn't change anything. All it does is steal your joy and keep you busy doing nothing."
seeker:Whoever said that sure knew what they were talking about. It’s so true!
seeker:Any snack recommendations? I’ve got some fruit on hand, but it’s a little boring by itself lol
supporter:I definitely recommend trail mix or chex mix and one of my favorites is banana chips!
seeker:I don’t think I’ve ever tried banana chips! I’ll have to see if my grocery store has got them. Maybe I can get some delivered by the time I’m ready to study
supporter:you can find it in any grocery store easily known as  Plantain chips
supporter:hope you are feeling much better now
seeker:Thanks so much! I’ve added them and some of my favorite trail mix to my cart. Should be delivered in 1 hour!
seeker:I am feeling better. Thanks so much for the advice :)
supporter:That's great to know and best wishes for your exams.
seeker:Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your day!
supporter:you too!

supporter:Hi, can I help you today? Would you like to share how you're feeling?
seeker:I'm in depression because recently i lost my job
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that you lost your job. Did you work there for a long time?
seeker:yes up to five years but my company getting too much lost so they took out lots of employs 
supporter:I can understand that being used to a routine and then suddenly losing that can cause a lot of depression and confusing for you. Are you feeling lost?
seeker:i feel very depress 
supporter:I am proud of you taking the step to reach out today and share your feelings with me. That takes a lot of strength on your part.
seeker:Thanks for understand my feelings , do you have any experience like that
supporter:You're welcome and yes I had a similar situation about a year ago. I had worked for the same company for 10 years and they laid me off. I was blindsided and very upset and felt depressed also. I started looking for jobs and found a better one that paid more, so it worked out for the best in the end.
seeker:what you think if apply for new job , i will come out from this depression?
supporter:I understand that you are feeling a deep sadness and a situational depression. I believe that when you takes steps forward and start applying for jobs then you will see a lot of opportunities are out there. Do you have any family that can be supportive to you through this difficult time?
seeker:Thanks for support
supporter:You're welcome. Often sometimes local charities will help with putting together a resume and helping find you a job. Maybe you could reach out for assistance in creating a new resume?
seeker:do you have any idea for getting new job?
supporter:I would recommend looking for an local group that help assist creating new resumes. Nonprofits have people who volunteer.  
seeker:Thanks for sharing your ideas 
supporter:You're welcome, I would also suggest reaching out to your friends and family for support during this challenging time. You are a faithful employee and have a great future ahead.
seeker:yes they are supporting but its difficult situation
supporter:You can always reach out to me and I can providing  you a place to vent and express yourself and the feelings that you are having. Hopefully you feel like a plan to begin apply for new jobs is a start forward.
seeker:thank you so much for you support , i fell better
supporter:Thank you for being so strong and reaching out today. Have a great rest of your day.
seeker:thanks
supporter:I would be happy to continue if you have anything else you would like to say and of not kindly use the feature to finishing this session.
seeker:i don't have anything else , please finish
supporter:Thank you, the feature is provided to you and you alone. The button is for you to confirm you have finished and quit the session and would like to continue with your day. However, I am happy to talk as long as you are if you don't want to do that, I am unable to on my end.
seeker:sorry is your side
supporter:Thank you, but it is actually red and located under your blue button feature. Thanks again for your time today. 
seeker:yes from your side
supporter:I understand however that is not the case. I do not have the feature that will submit and therefore complete. Please use the red button that saying finish/quit in order to proceed.
seeker:ok

seeker:hi
supporter:Hey! How are you?
seeker:trying to stay positive but keep having too many thoughts at once :(
supporter:What are these thoughts? :)
seeker:Its so stupid. I keep worrying about worrying or having something bad happen. The thoughts just come so fast
supporter:Maybe your mind is just congested with the thoughts of life, and you just need to relax for a little while
seeker:tried that. its become more of a chronic thing, like sometimes I cant controll the thoughts or like I dont know how to relax. like a chemical thing 
supporter:A chemical thing, so maybe you need a counsellor, and then he can assess your problem, and everything will be alright :)
seeker:I have one and it helps sometimes. I try to meditate
supporter:Yes, meditation is very good at calming down the mind. Does it help you? If it does maybe do it more continuously and more frequently
seeker:i pretty much have to do it constantly
supporter:Not constantly. because then you won't have anytime to do anything else, but if negative thoughts always come into your head, maybe try doing something you enjoy doing
seeker:yeah maybe its as simple as that. I know Im the problem cause its very obvious that im the on ein control of the thoughts for the most part
supporter:Yeah, maybe.  But always look at the bright side of stuff and maybe the negative thoughts can stop
seeker:right. I will try and start that more today and commit to it
supporter:yes that's the spirit! And with that mind set good things will always come to you!
seeker:yes i agree. when i consistently use meditation and positive attitude, any bad things are defintely minimized
supporter:Yes, as long as you keep focused and not divert into any other thoughts :)
seeker:yes. do you meditate?'
supporter:I do it once a week and it really helps. I used to do it more often when I felt I couldn't do anything right, so always do it according to the situation
seeker:do you want to keep talking or should we wrap up? i could go either way
supporter:Yes
supporter:If you want to 
seeker:I might go and have some breakfast
seeker:It was great chatting :)
supporter:But im here for you but if we are done lets wrap it up :) yes, byee

seeker:Hey
supporter:hi, how are you?
seeker:not good
supporter:oh! what happen?
supporter:Everything is ok
seeker:I have been feeling really depressed lately
supporter:oh! what is the reason of depression please can you share with me 
supporter:you can share your problem with me freely 
seeker:Thank you and I am really stressed out with college and I really don't have a job so it is causing me stress as I college is difficult as it is now I don't have a job as well
supporter:engage yourself in other activities that make you happy 
seeker:only sport seems to make me happy but the pandemic is not helping me with that
supporter:did you try for any new job
seeker:Yes but it didn't work out as most jobs need job experience and I only have a small amount of that
supporter:you have talent so you can get job easily 
seeker:It's hard to get a job these days, I was thinking of doing entrepreneurs work
supporter:i also went through this situation but now finally i get new job
seeker:But now i guess I have to get through school first before I think about that
supporter:did you try any new course . Try to do some online courses that help you get new job
seeker:Yeah, thats a good idea, but i don't think I will do well because school is also stressing me out a lot
supporter:its very hard to get new job but i think you can do it
supporter:try to do those courses that you enjoy .
seeker:Yeah. thanks i hope I can and I will try and I do enjoy the college course I do but it is very hard
supporter:did you ever try to go in sports ?because you like that
seeker:I will try though thank you
supporter:your welcome
seeker:But im not good enough to actually go professional in sport 
supporter:take some caching classes of sports 
seeker:ok i will, anyway thanks for the help, now i feel much better :)
supporter:thanks for sharing your feelings .Thanks

supporter:How are you?
seeker:im okay i guess how about you?
supporter:I'm doing well, thank you for asking. It sounds like you might not be doing okay. Anything you want to talk about?
seeker:no I haven't been doing okay I've actually been extremally stressed, but at this very moment im okay i guess, even though he isnt home, after awhile you kind of get used to the late night worrying and anxiety and depression 
supporter:That sounds like a lot for a person to be dealing with. Is this your husband/boyfriend?
seeker:he is my boyfriend but we have been together for 6 years, and since his car wreck and him being diagnosed with tbi he hasnt been him self lately! and it seems like he has been getting worse!  
supporter:That's a long time. He's lucky to have you to support him. You said you worry when he's not at home. Is this because of the injury and not acting like himself? 
supporter:Supporting someone with a  brain injury can be stressful. Are you taking are of yourself as well? You can't be of help to your boyfriend if you are not doing well yourself.
seeker:well yes but no, he got in a car accident on 9/6/2018 and i fall pregnant exactly a year later my due date was 9/4/2019 but i had her 8/22/19 and 
seeker:i was going to say alot more but it wouldnt let me so i copied it but it wont let me paste it so im not even going to try to type all of that up agin lol
seeker:but long story shot he cheated on me a half a year after i had my daughter and now the girl is pregnant wanting me to take in her child bc its either her life or the babys and me being the person i am i ant let the baby go into foster care or my baby not being able to see her sibling
supporter:If I understand this correctly your boyfriend cheated on you after you had a child together. Now, the other woman is pregnant with your boyfriends baby? Did I get that right?
seeker:yep its a very frustrating and difficut situation
supporter:I can understand that would make you feel anxious and depressed.
supporter:Do you have someone to help you cope with this situation? Friends, Family, etc?
seeker:what would u do or how would u feel if u was in this situation? i ended up getting back with him bc i didnt want my child without a father like i was 
supporter:I totally understand where you are coming from.
supporter:Things get much more complicated when children are involved.
seeker:nope i keep to myself! and alot of friends and family dont even know shes pregnant with his kid yet, but yes at the time i had help
seeker:yes it does get alot more complicated exp when my kid is involed and then i have to thing about him not being himself bc of his tbo
supporter:Well, it sounds like you still have a lot going on. Sometimes even when you want to take more on emotionally and mentally you need to take a step back and re-evaluate the situation.
supporter:Maybe finding someone to talk to about everything that is currently going on in your life would be helpful.
supporter:Youre only human, right?
seeker:yea i know,but thats hard when u dont know how to deal with the situation and when u meet someone that u just can stay mad at 
supporter:Agreed. But maybe that's what has to happen to help you get through this.
supporter:I think it might be a good starting point for you.
seeker:i know, im trying to work on that! i forgive to easily 
supporter:That's okay. Forgiveness helps us out as well. It helps us to move forward with our lives.
seeker:yea sometimes i guess
supporter:It's never easy.
seeker:it really isnt! its actuallt really hard, its like you hate them but you also love them at the same time
supporter:Exactly!
supporter:I hope our chat has helped you out a bit. Maybe even given you some things to reflect on. You always have the power to change the dynamic of the situation. Remember that.
seeker:hopefully soon somethings will change for the better, i just hope i figure out what i should do and to make a better me and a better life for everyone
supporter:You will. It will just take some reflection on your part.
seeker:yes for sure! it felt great being able to talk to someone about this
supporter:Fantastic! I'm really glad to hear that!
supporter:Well, I wish you the very best. Enjoy the rest of your night!
seeker:same goes to you also have a good night 
supporter:Thank you! : )
seeker:your welcome, and thank you also

supporter:Hello. How are you? What would you like to talk about?
seeker:Got any advice for a lonely single fellow in his mid thirties? I miss my friends, and virtual meetings on Zoom don't feel the same as meeting in person!
supporter:The pandemic has been hard on many people, those in relationships and those looking for new ones! Have you tried to develop a new hobby or interest that you can do with others once the pandemic is over?
seeker:Well, I've been writing enough poetry to publish a book, so I'll certainly do that. I know the pandemic has been rough for everyone. Hopefully my doctor will say I qualify for the vaccine soon. 
seeker:Getting my stimulus check in the next week or so would certainly make me a bit happier, too. 
supporter:That's great! Poetry is something you can share in person or over video link. What about physical activities? I think that yoga might be something that you can do by yourself and with others. There are a bunch of videos on sites like YouTube. 
supporter:A stimulus check! Yes, we can all use money during these trying times.
seeker:Oh, I took advantage of virtual yoga and zumba early on during the pandemic. Friends had virtual classes. Eventually they were able to go back to work. Being disabled is a poverty trap for a lot of people, not just me. I really want to find a girlfriend once I get vaccinated. 
supporter:I have tried yoga myself, but it wasn't really my thing. I prefer walking and riding a bike. 
supporter:Do you have to wait until you get vaccinated to start working on getting a girlfriend?
seeker:Well, certain things don't work for every person. 
supporter:True. I like trying new things, but I am happy to give them up if they just don't fit my style. 
supporter:Is there a way you could start looking for a girlfriend online now, before the pandemic is over?
supporter:Maybe there is a way to make a connection using your poetry.
seeker:Technically, no, I don't HAVE to wait to get vaccinated, but then again, maybe I don't want a girlfriend. The only one I had ten years ago in college wanted to marry me and have a child and I wasn't ready for commitment. I fear marriage, actually. 
supporter:Marriage is a big step, and any prudent person would think carefully before making the commitment. 
seeker:That's a good point, I'm sure if my poetry is entertaining or full of truth about my experiences in a wheelchair, perhaps a woman will find that attractive 
supporter:Are you concerned that things will move too quickly to that level of commitment (marriage)? You could make it clear from the outset that you want to take it slow. 
seeker:Or I could just get an adult entertainer to be my companion for a day. I've done that before with women in that industry. It costs a bit, but it's worth it for companionship 
seeker:No, I just hate the idea of waking up to one woman for 20 or 30 years
seeker:But it's better than being alone
supporter:Robin Williams talked about that situation.
supporter:He said that he didn't fear being alone as much as being with people that he didn't like.
seeker:Did he really? Well, it's sad how he ended up, I'm too scared to commit suicide like he did! I enjoy living life, even when I have months at a time without human connection
supporter:Adult entertainers provide one kind of companionship, but it is not complete. It feels like a stopgap to me. Is it fulfilling enough for you?
seeker:You're right, I just lack self confidence in my poetry....hopefully I'll figure out a way to spit it out on a blog or something
supporter:You could trade poems with other budding poets. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours."
supporter:Do you find yourself to be more an introvert or an extrovert?
seeker:Oh it's been very fulfilling for me when I've had the opportunity to use it. Most of them are genuine women. Only a handful have tried to take advantage of me. 
seeker:I'm definitely an extrovert
seeker:That was a clever pun by the way 
seeker:It's ironic and strange how many people struggle with that stupid voice in their head that tells them they're not good enough to accomplish anything. 
supporter:Thanks. Ok. The pandemic is particularly hard on extroverts. People look down on sex workers, but I think that the world is a big complex place and people are trying to make their way in it. If everyone is consenting, I see no problem. 
supporter:Have you tried psilocybin? Some people swear that it changes the inner monologue for the better. I am not a physician, but for long-term adjustment, it might be beneficial. 
seeker:Well of course it's consentual. I would never NOT ask for permission to do things with a sex worker, or any person. 
seeker:I'll have to Google that, I've never heard of that, but thanks for the advice!
supporter:Sure! I'm glad we had a chance to chat. Best of luck with making friends/girlfriends after the pandemic!
supporter:BTW, is there a quit button on your end?
seeker:Yes there is, and I am pressing it right now. Thanks so much, I'll be fine. Have a good night!
supporter:Good night!

supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:I am very sada
supporter:What are you sad about? Perhaps I can help. 
seeker:My girlfriend cheated on me with her ex.
supporter:Wow that is not nice of her. Have you talked to either of them about it? I would recommend that you do. 
seeker:No I have not spoke to her. She is deaf she cannot hear.
supporter:Hmm do you mean literally or metaphorically?
seeker:Literally. She cannot hear. She was born deaf.
supporter:Well can you communicate with her through sign language?
seeker:I can, But I have no hands.
supporter:Gosh, life hasn't treated the pair of you very well, has it? 
seeker:It sure hasn't. I was born with a huge nose And I have to slam my nose into the keys in order to type.
supporter:Well, at least you're putting it to good use. 
seeker:I just want to tell my ex who cheated on me with her ex I still love her. 
seeker:if I had hands she wouldn't of had to cheat.
supporter:But with only a huge nose to work with - is this really viable?
seeker:I want it to be. But It hurts my face to insant message her on AIM.
supporter:You still have AIM? Wow, you are really out of date. I hate to say it but maybe she's better off with her ex?
seeker:We met on AIM, Her ex is a registered sex offender. and it makes me sad that she left me for someone like that
supporter:Sometimes we just have to learn to let go *nods sententiously*
supporter:Yeah but, he's got hands and a small nose, right?
seeker:His hands are so big he could be a power forward in the WNBA
seeker:and average "15 Minutes' per game
supporter:I do not know what that is but I can probably spend the rest of my life without finding out and still die happy. 
seeker:her ex is like John wall and I look like Justin beiber with no hands. He tried to fight me and told me if i talk to her again I'm gonna "Catch these hands"
supporter:I don't know who those people are either. I live a very sheltered life. 
seeker:I used to live a sheltered life. I was then unsheltered and cut my hands off in a bicycle accident
supporter:I thought you were born without them but perhaps they grew back. 
seeker:I wasn't born I just showed up one day. 
supporter:(and you just scrolled back to check, didn't you? :D)
seeker:I sure did it took a minute with this nose
supporter::D Well, it's been interesting and, erm, I wish you joy in your future romantic endeavours. Maybe find a more trustworthy girlfriend in future?
seeker:of course
supporter:We all learn by our mistakes. Thanks for talking and spend that two dollars wisely!
seeker:Will do good Bot.
supporter:Oi! I am NOT a bot
supporter:Just another sucker trying to eke out a living ;). Can you press quit and take the survey? I can't do it from the supporter end till you do

supporter:Hi, can I help you today?
seeker:I have had my babu for 15 years and have to give him up.  He is a parrot and so used to me.
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. You have probably become very attached after that long, I can imagine.
seeker:Yes, I am worried that he wont be taken care of.  I am worried that he wont be happy.
seeker:I cook for him and take him outside.  I grow fruit so he can eat it.
supporter:Can I ask why you have to give him up? Do you have any other pets? 
seeker:NO other pets.  I have gone leaglly blind, had to give up driving.  I have to move to a condo from a single famuly home.  He is too loud to live in a condo.
supporter:You are a very good caretaker for your parrot. You have given him a lot of specialized care. 
seeker:Going blind is bad enough, giving up driving was teh worst.  But giving up my parrot is really hard.
seeker:I did baby him, he can go outside through the dggie door.  He gets fresh fruit, spaghettie,  He has his own Alexa.
supporter:You have been the best you could be for him and it has got to feel really sad to let him go. It can feel like a death sometimes when you lose someone or a pet.
seeker:If he died it would be OK, I would mourn him and move on.  But I have never had to give up a pet before.  I just think most people. wont take care of him like I do. Because he is still alive, I will worry about him
supporter:I understand a little bit of how you feel. My dog died recently and it was really hard when the vet had to put him down. I was really sad and would cry when I thought of him ort the things we used to do together. 
seeker:Yes, I was depressed for 6 months after my parrot died, but eventually we move on.  I dont know that I can move on after giving him up
supporter:Would you ever consider getting a pet that is not as loud? I am not suggesting that you replace him. 
seeker:No, except a seeing dog
supporter:I am concerned that if you don't have a pet to care for you may have a more difficult time to recover and thrive. Mourning is a process and it might be easier if you can hare your ;love with another pet.
seeker:No other pets.  I need to move and cannot take him with me.
supporter:A seeing eye dog is a great idea. You are trying to think of ways to help yourself and that is really important. You are also reaching out and sharing your feelings. Do you have any friends with pets that you can visit with from time to time?
seeker:It isn't about a new pet it is about worrying that he will not be taken care of.
seeker:I contacted a rescue place to get him a new home.
supporter:I am sorry that makes a lot of sense. I am really thankful that you are sharing your feelings and expressing them.
seeker:Contacting a rescue place has helped me.
supporter:Rescue centers usually make people apply to adopt to insure a good home for them. You have made him into a wonderful pet.
seeker:I think that will be best for him
seeker:Thanks for listening
supporter:You are welcome. You are doing what is right and i am proud of you for listening to your heart and providing the best all these years. 
supporter:Thank you for your time today and please come back whenever you need to talk. I am happy to listen and do my best.

seeker:I feel emotionally sad. It is unforgiving and hoping to find healing
supporter:Hi! Hope you are feeling better now. I will help you to find some solution
supporter:Why are you feeling emotionally sad?
seeker:With this kind of pandemic situation, it is making me more upset as I am not able to go out to socialize with people to foget my problems.
supporter:The pandemic situation is tough for everyone, so don't worry
seeker:My boyfriend brokeup with me 6 months ago and without saying good bye face to face.....it is just making me wonder why?
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. 
seeker:We were not able to see each other ever since the pandemic and we just ended our relationship 
supporter:I would like to give some suggestions
seeker:that would be great
supporter:Please ask your boyfriend to discuss to me so that i can advice him
seeker:We don't talk anymore. 
seeker:I could not reach him and i do not want to talk to him too
supporter:This pandemic is taking longer time to settle because many people do not follow the guidelines suggested 
seeker:definately....
supporter:Please do not get upset.  Try to understand each other then only it is possible to reconcile
supporter:Please cooperate with each other so you can be back together
seeker:I don't want to see him or talk to him. I just want to get on with my life to start a brand new one. I am just feeling so sad and depressed.
supporter:Is my advice helpful to you?
seeker:no.  are not telling me how i can get my depression away
supporter:Don't be upset we all come across difficult times in life. This is one of the time.
seeker:thank you. i will forget and take it one at a time.
supporter:Please seek some interesting relaxation for mind. If you deviate your mind from getting upset then you can overcome this depression.
seeker:I will try....
supporter:Ok sure . Good luck. 
seeker:thanks
supporter:Thanks for listening to my suggestions

supporter:hi there how are you doing?
seeker:Hi, doing OK. how are you doing?
supporter:I am not so bad. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?
seeker:I am having difficulty in controlling my anxiety and look for some support. 
supporter:Ah I hear you, I have suffered bad anxiety for years. Have you been getting medical help?
seeker:Not really, although I got some medication prescribed, however, am very afraid of getting addicted and reliance.
supporter:Some anti anxiety medication can be addictive but if you're sensible with it you should be okay. Talk to your doctor?
seeker:Yes, she suggested so. But I am not convinced.
seeker:I see many friends getting relying on the medication even after they feel OK. 
supporter:What about counselling .. would you consider that? There is some very good therapy available
seeker:I haven't thought about it...maybe not familiar with the circumstance. 
seeker:Maybe different culture that I have grown?
seeker:I also have many friends who were not satisfied with counseling. 
supporter:True - I know different cultures do take different approaches to things and in some places talking about mental health is taboo 
seeker:I have no idea what to do. 
seeker:that's why I look for another support. 
supporter:I would recommend giving counselling a go, even though you're not totally sure about it 
seeker:what if it doesn't work and cost a lot?
supporter:Is it not possible to get it free? It is provided free in my country 
seeker:very costy here in the US
supporter:Ah, you need to move here to the UK ;) 
seeker:also varying by the healthcare providers.
seeker:I didn't know that the UK has such a good coverage. 
supporter:We don't have to worry about the cost of medication or counselling as we have socialised medicine
seeker:can you please explain further about socialized medicine?
supporter:Sure. Everyone pays a small percentage of their income - depending on how much they earn - and it goes to fund the NHS. Everyone is therefore eligible for free hospital treatment etc and we pay a standard amount (about ten pounds ie fourteen dollars) for a prescription, no matter which drugs we are gettign 
supporter:If I needed a heart transplant tomorrow it would be free :D 
seeker:I see. That's how South Korea manage healthcare too. 
supporter:Most of Europe do it that way. It works well :) 
seeker:However, the US healthcare system is totally different, so commercialized. 
seeker:that's why I look for supporters today.
supporter:At least you'd be sure you'd be able to get help for your anxiety!
seeker:sure thing!
supporter:Alas yes, it's a very scary system. Too many people suffer cos they can't get insurance or pay their bills 
seeker:yes, it is so sad even if I have a health insurance from my workplace, but we have to pay from out of pocket, which is ridiculous.
seeker:Do you have any other suggestions to resolve my anxiety issue?
supporter:Yes it really is - I can imagine that that sends your anxiety sky high. We just don't have to worry about that - we pay in advance and no more than we can afford 
supporter:Well, how about Vitamin B? Strangely, it actually does work 
seeker:I am currently taking, but still not effective.
supporter:you need quite a large dose each day - regular won't do anything 
seeker:How large? 
seeker:I take one of the over the counter products. 
supporter:I am probably not supposed to give medical advice :) But have a look online
seeker:I see.
seeker:But thanks, I may look up that info. 
supporter:It genuinely did help me though
seeker:good to hear!
supporter:Anyway thank you for talking and I wish you well! 
seeker:Thank! I may try higher dose of Vitamin B. 
seeker:Have a good one!
supporter:you too!
supporter:You need to quit from your end cos I can't from mine :D 

supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling today?
seeker:I am feeling very sad
supporter:I am very sorry to hear that. What are you sad about?
seeker:My partner of 9 months cheated on me.
supporter:Oh wow that is really rough. Do you think you might be able to work it out or is it over permanently?
seeker:It is over permanently...
supporter:Maybe it is for the best - I have been cheated on before and although it hurt at the time it turned out to be the best favour he could have done me. 
seeker:Yeah I guess, the relationship was a little toxic and she sometimes only used me for money.
seeker:Maybe is it for the best now that I think about it.
supporter:Sounds like you're definitely well off out of that one!!
seeker:Yeah I just miss having someone there for me.
supporter:All you need now is to give yourself some TLC .. treat yourself to something nice and go easy on yourself. 
seeker:What is TLC
supporter:There will be someone else. I never thought I'd find anyone else but I did and we've been together ten years ago now!
supporter:Tender Loving Care :) Means be good to yourself 
seeker:Ok yeah your story is very inspirational to me. Maybe this was needed in order to find the right person
supporter:Is there anything you can do to distract yourself right now? Plan a holiday or take a night class or something?
seeker:I am now doing mturk to get my mind off of it to make some extra money
supporter:Save up what you make and buy yourself something nice?
seeker:yeah the only problem is I am barely getting any money from this
seeker:Do you have any tips onto how I can make more money/
supporter:There is some very lucrative stuff out there :). Take what we are doing right now for instance.
seeker:I mean 15 minutes for 2$ doesn't seem very lucrative
seeker:but I guess it ads up
supporter:beats flipping burgers ;). So, what are you going to do to get yourself back onto the dating market?
seeker:I am going to wait for this whole covid thing to end and then get a real job and once I fix my financial situation I will start dating again
supporter:Ah yes, the world feels like it's on hold at the moment doesn't it? Probably not a good time to start sharing germs with new people :D 
seeker:Yeah exactly and I have more pressing matters at hand than a girlfriend because like I said, I am in need of money right now since
supporter:I'll be around for ages if you want to talk some more on here! 
seeker:I think talking to you has benefited me a lot so thank you for that
seeker:I am feeling happy right now
supporter:You're welcome :) I have a solution for every problem you know ;) 
seeker:Yeah thats what it seems like
seeker:how can I make sure you get the most money from this
supporter:just wait till fifteen mins is up ;). If we quit before then we get less. So, um, tell me about your ex?
seeker:ok got it
seeker:I met my ex through tinder
seeker:and then we started going on dates and we both seemed to like each other
supporter:ah! I met mine through OKCUPID. Online dating is definitely the way to go these days 
seeker:yeah it really makes it easy to meet new people
supporter:Not like when I was younger when the internet was just taking off. Internet dating was seen as weird then 
supporter:Well it's been lovely talking, I hope to see you again sometime :) take care! 
seeker:Bye
supporter:bye 
supporter:(you need to quit first .. I can't this end :)) 

supporter:Hello, how are you feeling today? 
supporter:Hi, is there anything you'd like to talk about today?
seeker:Today there is nothing to feel about that. When I think of it or have some situation to recall the previous incident I get very angered on my friend, who did not help me, in spite of my volunteer help to him on a similar situation.
supporter:Would you like to give me a few more details?
seeker:So simple. I was in need of money, urgently, for my business. I helped him when he was in a similar situation. Now I am in situation, previously he was when I helped. I expected my friend surely will help. But he did not. This has put me some anger on him. This was a situation that happened 1 year before. Now I recall this for chatting.
supporter:Well, are you sure that he could have definitely afforded to loan you anything?
seeker:Yes. That was well within his limits and he should have obliged.
supporter:Well, the thing is, just because you had lent to him does not mean he is obliged to help you
supporter:Though of course it would have been the courteous thing to do 
seeker:Thank you for your understanding and feeling. I feel some relax over the anger, just by your words.
supporter:Is it possible to try to talk to him calmly and tell him exactly how he has made you feel?
seeker:Yes. I tried calmly of the situation. He told accepting as the situation has passed. I am not sure he has fully understood. As the situation passed, he says okay. 
supporter:I think you need to decide whether you just just let it go or whether you cant' and won't be able to continue the friendship
seeker:However I continue the friendship not affected by this harassment.
supporter:Aren't you worried that it might rankle with you and surface again at some time to affect the friendship?
seeker:My behavior with him will not be affected because of this. But whenever I happen to think or recall of this I get to anger of it unavoidably. And cools off in some time.
supporter:It is understandable. I hope that I have been able to help you a little and thank you for talking it out! 
seeker:I need some more to chat with you. Is there any suggestion not to get angered again, even when having some recall or thought of the situation. That has been my problem.
supporter:Have you thought of trying any meditation exercises or breathing exercises... just to help you stay calm?
seeker:Generally I am cool, not an emotional person. If I need any special training, it should be only because of this. If there is some simple  way that could help.
supporter:I think you should give it a try - I have personally found breathing exercises very helpful! Thank you for talking, I must go now. 
seeker:However it is not at all required. That anger does not affect me, just only feeling for some minutes. I let it go.
supporter:can you press quit and do the survey? It has to be done your end:) We've done ten turns each. 
seeker:I think you suggest to try for breathing exercise. Do you feel benefited by that, often or rarely.
supporter:Yes I do but the task really is finished. Please press quit, I can't do it my end. Neither of us will get paid if you do not. Ten turns each and fifteen minutes .. we've done that. 
seeker:If you are urgent, I do not want to delay you . Thanks, Bye.
supporter:bye!
supporter:you have to press quit. It does not work from this end. 
supporter:Please press quit or neither of us gets paid. This has already taken twice as long as it should have. 
supporter:Please press quit. 

supporter:Hi there, how are you doing today?
seeker:I am fine thank you. How are you?
supporter:I am very well. Do you have any problems you'd like to discuss with me? 
seeker:Yes. I am having trouble figuring out how to handel a situation with a friend.
supporter:Ah, can you give me a few more details? I am sure I will be able to help/ 
seeker:Her husband was justshot and kiled over a drug deal.  He was high on drugs at the time.  My dayghter and his daughter are good friends and we carpool with them every day. He was often the driver not my friend.  Was he high when he was driving my daughter arround? Did my friend know he was on drugs?
supporter:Wow that is a tough one - I can see why you would be concerned about it. At least, though, you can be assured that she is safe and is never going to come to any harm as a result of his driving now 
seeker:Agreed but it is hard to not be suspicious that the mom knew something about hi actions. Yet I feel horrible that she lost her husband.
supporter:I understand but right now is probably not the best time to confront her about it :(
seeker:I know. I am trying to be supportive and help her with her kids but a part of me is still anxious that she may have played me.
supporter:People can hold values that to other people seem strange. She might not have considered it wrong to be driving on drugs, even though it is. 
seeker:Very true. I really never even considered that!
supporter:That would not make it acceptable though! 
seeker:No, absolutely not!  But I never looked at it that way. 
supporter:At least you can feel relieved that your daughter is safe now :) 
seeker:Yes. I am very relieved. He was recently in a car accident before he died. Luckily no one was hurt and the girls were not in the car! He totaled his brand new truck though.
supporter:I think the best you can do right now is just be there for your friend when she wants to talk. 
seeker:Definitely trying to be!
supporter:Is she able to support herself financially?
seeker:Yes she received payouts from several large life insurance policies so they are safe financially. Just a mess emotionally.
supporter:Maybe it can be a good opportunity for her to change her lifestyle and get off the drugs 
supporter:On that note, I hope I have been able to give you some reassurance and thanks for talking! 
seeker:Thank you so much! You were very helpful!
supporter:you're welcome :) (you need to quit your end; I can't from this end :)) 
supporter:if you just press quit and answer the questions ;) 

supporter:Hi. How are you today? Is there something that you'd like to chat about?
seeker:Yes. I need some suggestion for my situation of seeking a job, lost due to pandemic.
supporter:That sounds like a challenging situation. How long have you had to deal with this? 
seeker:I came from my job location in Mar 2020 and went back in Nov 2020. Since Nov 2020, I am having this critical situation.
supporter:That's some months that you've been out of work. What kind of work are you looking for? 
seeker:My wife has been working in a local company. So, we have some basic support to run the family.
supporter:That's good to hear. So you can manage for a while. What kind of work do you hope to find? 
seeker:I was working in a distant location in a better job. Now I am trying to find a better one in a nearby location.
seeker:I am an Engineer in  Mechanical Engineering. Some related field in management, not as supervisor or low.
supporter:So many jobs would be acceptable if they are nearby and are in a related field.
seeker:Yes. Some job may be available, if to pick any one. I do not want to switch often. Better late to find a better job. I have attended few interviews. I hope will get one. Probably the date is the difference.
supporter:Do you have any contacts in industry that could be of help? That might give you more options.
supporter:You could also help them find a job, too. Put a favor in the favor bank.
seeker:I have contacts in the previous job location only. But not in my family location. Some of my friends in the previous location have given some idea what I can do. To find a job in my previous location is not an issue. I try to be nearby.
supporter:Ok. So in a way, you need to build a new network of industry contacts nearby. Is there an industry group or other club in the area? 
seeker:I am worried if it will help or I have to switch to my distant locaion only.
supporter:How much time can you wait? Time seems to be the gating factor here. 
seeker:Since my wife is working, I do not have a time limitation to find a job. My worry is whether I have to be distant again, while pandemic has not ended.
supporter:Ok. You think you'll have job opportunities, but maybe not ones that meet your location needs. Are you hoping to spend more time with your family?
seeker:Yes. Particularly in pandemic times. 
supporter:It sounds like you have a good handle on your situation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:In your opinion, Am I in the right path? 
supporter:Yes. Time will help you resolve this issue. You will gain perspective on what's out there. 
supporter:More opportunities will come up if you have time to investigate. 
seeker:We, I and my wife, also think the same way. Even if takes some time, better to wait.  But we were having an oscillation. After chatting with you, we feel supportive of our thinkings. 
supporter:That's great! I'm glad I was able to help.
seeker:Now that we had enough discussion and had my worries clarified, Can I take a leave. Thank you for your help.
supporter:Ok.

seeker:Hi
seeker:I cannot keep up with my classes and it is making me anxious
supporter:Ok. That sounds like something that you should talk to someone about. How many classes are you taking at the moment?
seeker:I am taking 4 classes and I am struggling with all of them 
supporter:That's tough. A full load of courses. Do you have to take all of them right now? Can you adjust your course load?
seeker:I have to take them all right now to make sure that I graduate
supporter:That's a challenging situation. Can you get help from the professor with the deadlines? Maybe you could look into getting a tutor.
seeker:My professors are trying to help they are actually being really nice. I am just having issues balancing it all honestly. I feel like I can never catch up on anything its just a lot on my plate
seeker:I think a tutor is actually a really good idea I might look into that 
supporter:Great! I think a tutor will give you some guidance on how to stay on top of your courses. Your situation is not unusual. Many students have difficulty trying to manage it all. Are you working a job as well? 
seeker:I am just
seeker:I am also working right not
seeker:sorry my keyboard it messing up lol 
seeker:I am working right now and its a part time job but it is still a lot for me
seeker:I think getting my time management under control is also so smart to make sure I can balance everything with less anxiety
supporter:Ok. No worries! Can you adjust your hours at your job? Do you need the money, or can you maybe take a short break from work until you catch up?
seeker:So I do actually need the money. I just moved out on my own and I have a lot of bills that I use to not have when I was living with my parents. I might be able to cut back a couple hours a week but then I might have to give up some fun things I like to do 
supporter:True. Once you're on the other side of this semester, you can put in more hours. Do you absolutely have to finish this semester, or can you put off a course until the next term?
seeker:I would like to finish this semester just because I have a job lined up for me right when I graduate where I can make a lot more money and not struggle as much financially 
supporter:Is the job contingent on graduation? Maybe you could take one course while you do the job. Work full-time and study  part-time.
seeker:I do have to have the degree to start the job thats the only part that isnt great. I would love to start at that company and go to school but they wont allow it. 
supporter:Do you have to get high grades in the courses, or just pass?
seeker:Luckily I just have to pass so it makes it a little less stressful
seeker:If I actually had to get a high grade oh man that would be the worst
supporter:Ok. Do your best to pass. Try to cut back an hour or two at the job. Keep you eyes on the prize: the full-time job after graduation. 
seeker:Yeah it all seems so far away but I just have to remind myself to look at the bright side and that something great is waiting for me at the end 
supporter:Great! Best of luck with everything then!
seeker:Thanks

supporter:hello! How are you?
seeker:So im struggling to figure things out in my life. I feel lost and im not sure if its just the depression or if its more. 
seeker:Im hanging in there. Thanks for asking. How are you?
supporter:I'm good, but has anything happened for you to feel like this or are you in your feelings right now?
seeker:Nothing specifically. My life is very good i just happen to always become depressed, unmotivated and sad most the time. It creates issues in all aspects from friendships to my relationship and even my personal and professional life.
seeker:Im seeking mental health therapy as well as focusing on a number of other things ranging from sleep, diet, communication, social life and numerous things but happen to always feel the same way. Do you have any input?
supporter:I think you are mental therapy is a good idea as I don't think your mind is as straight as it needs to be, it will be alright especially if your life is good
seeker:It is a good idea and provides some insight on things that maybe i havent thought about before. Have you ever experienced depression thats lasted for long periods at a time?
supporter:Yh, when I was in college i did go through that stage as I couldn't find a job
seeker:Ive found that exercise and diet helps greatly. But even then i still suffer. So your depression was situational?
supporter:It was kinda like yours in the sense that nothing triggered it but it worked out somehow so yours will as well :)
supporter:If it is exercise and diet that helps you, go for it!
seeker:Well in your case you mentioned it occurred because you couldnt find a job. Isnt that situational depression? 
supporter:No but I had another source of income so it only effected me a little. But i persevered through it so can you
seeker:But in my case everything around me is better than the average but even so i still become depressed frequently and unmotivated. Ive tried medication and every type of treatment. I feel like there isnt much of a cure. Seems to be treatment resistant. 
supporter:I think you should start medication because perhaps your head isn't in the right place
seeker:Thanks and maybe so. Ive tried many but i suppose maybe focusing on specific ones might do. 
seeker:Do you think support groups could be beneficial?
seeker:Or do you have any resources for such?
supporter:Yeah, that might be of use and it will help you see other people in your shoes
seeker:Any resources on where to find a good group?
supporter:maybe beyond blue or another forum
seeker:Okay ill check those out. I really appreciate your help and information. I hope you have a wonderful day
supporter:You too! Bye
seeker:bye

seeker:All I can think of is maybe she is jealous.  She deleted my mom and husband too.  We have mutual friends whom she did not delete
supporter:Hello! I think you are carrying on from another conversation. This is a different one
seeker:Nope this is a new one.  I posted part of it in my topic area
seeker:You have to read the topic part of it
supporter:I can't see the topic area of yours
seeker:Ok
supporter:What happened? Who is jealous of what
seeker:So I had posted in that the following.
seeker:I just had a baby a couple days ago. Two weeks before I found out a really good friend deleted me on facebook
seeker:No reason given she's just gone
seeker:She deleted my husband and mom too.  We have mutual friends that she did not delete
seeker:I'm thinking maybe she's jealous about me having a baby.  I don't know why else out of the blue she would of done that.
seeker:The only other thing I can think of is she was dating this one horrible guy and maybe she's back with him but I feel like she would of dated other mutual friends because she knew none of us liked him
supporter:She may have been jealous but also may secretly want one, and she shouldn't stay with a guy she doesn't like
supporter:Maybe she thinks you are more ahead than her in life or something
seeker:I think she maybe wants a baby/husband/family and just hasnt found it yet.  It never seemed to bother her before.  
seeker:Some of our other mutual friends have kids so I don't understand
supporter:Maybe it was one of those things she always wanted but never had the chance like you said. And maybe it just got to her at one point. It's not your fault though, with time she will ease out
seeker:I wanted to reach out to her but since I didn't do anything I figured if she wants to talk she can reach out to me
supporter:Maybe she would be too scared since she already blocked you, you should give her time to ease up and then start a conversation and hopefully she will be good again
seeker:Ya I will give her some time to maybe think about things and come back around
seeker:It just sucks not having my friend around during this
supporter:Yeah, it will but she will come back eventually
seeker:I hope so 
seeker:But then a part of me is like do I want her back.  
seeker:You know if she can just check out so easily
supporter:That is your friend so you will miss her eventually and just give her time ;)
seeker:Ya you are probably right.
seeker:I think I am just mad now that she couldnt just talk to me about her feelings
supporter:Yeah, don't take it out on her
seeker:I'll try not too
seeker:For not I have enough to keep me busy.  It's just a sad situation
supporter:Yeah, i agree its unfortunate but it will work out somehow
seeker:It is 
supporter:Anyway, just keep your mind of off it
seeker:I will 
supporter:Okay, thats good to hear
seeker:Well thanks for talking to me
supporter:Your welcome have a good day

seeker:Hey
supporter:HI, can I help today? 
seeker:I have been married for 5 years but i am very unhappy and anxious. I want to break up with my partner but not sure how, this is increasing my anxiety 
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. I know it can be really stressful when you are considering a break up. How long have you thought about doing this?
seeker:i've thought about this for the last year, things have been going downhill since. I think its starting to become noticible
supporter:That is a long time to think about something, so you have given it a lot of time and thought. Have you mentioned it to your partner?
seeker:i tried to do it around 8 months ago but my partner convinced herself that it was because i was cheating on her. Her own insecurities put me under a lot of pressure to stay in the relationship to prove i wasn't having an affair
supporter:Sharing your feelings is important so thank you for making the effort today. It is not fair to prove a negative and that can be taxing. It sounds like you are a very patient person.
seeker:I try to be patient, but i feel like i am wasting my life when i could be happy on my own or potentially with someone else in the future
seeker:Im anxious about my daughter and my relationship with her if we split up
supporter:You have spent a great deal of time trying to make things right with your partner and you have used a great deal of effort to make it work. You are also a very loving parent who cares greatly.
seeker:I know i need to be true to myself but its extremely difficult, i'm not sure how to start the process
supporter:Yes, you are right. My parents split up later in life and I was happy to see my dad happy. I understand that isn't everyone story though. Do you have any close family members you can talk to about this? Or close friends?
seeker:unfortunately i pushed all my friends away for the sake of the relationship, again the insecurities meant i couldn't have my own time and space. I know my family would be supportive, but there are a lot of financial issues with divorce which worries me
supporter:Often times people turn to church or religion and support groups in order to connect with people from the same faith. Have you considered this avenue?
seeker:Ive considered support groups, im a little embarrassed tho.  I don't think religion would be much help to me
supporter:I understand that you feel nervous about reaching out and thank you again for doing that here today. Sometimes close friends can be a good source of support. It can be hard repairing friendships though.
seeker:Maybe i should reach out again?
supporter:Yes, I would reach out to old friends who may be willing to give you insight into how they viewed things. Support groups can feel intimidating but are usually very welcoming and truly there to help people.
seeker:i just hope my daughter is young enough to be able to adapt to her parents splitting up
supporter:Children are resilient and want their parents happy ultimately. You are a thoughtful person. Thank you for sharing your feelings today and being open to ideas and possible ways forward. 
seeker:Thank you very much, you've given me a few options to consider on how to move forward. I'm feeling less anxious with your kind words of support
supporter:That is great news. We are always here to help.
seeker:thank you again, bye
supporter:You're welcome and good luck. 

supporter:How are you doing today?
seeker:Am not very fine though tring to cope with the situation at hand
supporter:What situation specifically are you speaking of, if you would like to tell me?
seeker:I am currently facing some sadness. I have had a fiancee whom we have been in good terms for the past one year. She has suddenly changed and no longer has ime for me. I have prompted her on several occasions but she does not respond to my calls and texts.I have requested her so that we meet and talk but she is not willing either. I am confused what to do at this time i need her support the most
supporter:So what I hear you saying is that you are engaged and your fiance will not speak to you.  However, you are  unsure as to why she is behaving this way?  Is that correct?
seeker:Yea i really dont know the reason behind the breakup coz all along we  have been in good terms and can hardly remember us having a disagreement 
supporter:Unfortunately sometimes people do just grow apart.  There may not be any concrete reason behind it.  It appears that, for whatever reason, she does not want to talk.  I can understand how this would be upsetting and that it would be hard to obtain closure and move on.
seeker:Sure. I really dont know what to do in this case
supporter:Have you tried emailing her?  Perhaps she would be willing to explain in a more neutral environment?
seeker:Well, i haven`t tried an email. I have only called her severally, sent her message via whatsapp and facebook. 
supporter:It might be an option.  Maybe just lay out how you feel in it, and just ask her for an explanation perhaps.  It might be good to let her know that "I understand it's over, but could you help me understand why so that I can close this chapter" - perhaps she would respond to something like that.  If she doesn't, then you are going to have to make some hard decisions and try to process this.
supporter:It's a very hard position to be in, but life is too beautiful to be miserable, and I know you would rather be happy.
seeker:Sure i also want to be happy but we have shared so much in common and were in process of starting something good to help generate income. She had the idea and i had the capital. I feel this will really be a wasted opprtunity 
seeker:Is there anything else i can do to salvage the situation?
supporter:You are going to have to lay it all on the line with her, but be prepared for her to not respond in the way that you want.  Sometimes we do the best we can, and it still doesn't change the situation.  Just know that her decision does not mean you are unworthy, it just means that she is not worthy of you - but someone else is and then it would be time to go and find them.
seeker:Wow. This is interesting. Thanks for this reminder. I gonna consider this idea and move on then. Thanks for this support
supporter:You are more than welcome.  I know it's hard, but sometimes the rain has to come before the rainbow!
seeker:Ok thank you. I will apply your advice and see how it will turn out. Thank you once more
supporter:I wish you the best of luck!
seeker:Ok. Goodbye 

seeker:I should add (although it doesn't matter).  I'm female married to a female. 
supporter:Hi there! I'm glad you're here
seeker:hi
supporter:So you're a female and you're married to a female? There's nothing wrong with that at all!
seeker:Yes....well we are not living together now.  We have to file papers for divorce
supporter:I see. So you're actually legally married - didn't just have a commitment ceremony?
seeker:Yes legally married
supporter:Care to share what led up to filing for divorce?
seeker:She cheated.
seeker:And as far as I know is still with the person
supporter:I can certainly understand how that feels. I have been in your EXACT situation.
seeker:It's horrible and hard to move on for sure
supporter:How long were you with her?
seeker:Don't laugh
seeker:Our one year wedding anniversary was this past Sat.  Which I know I shouldnt be so miserable but I am.  I think because like some people have told me we were still in our honeymoon stage. We were not fighting or having big issues....she just cheated
supporter:I'm so incredibly sorry to hear that. You realize this behavior, these choices, are a flaw within her, and not you?
seeker:It's hard to see that.  I feel like a failure and not good enough
seeker:Like why even get married in the first place if you are just going to cheat
supporter:I can completely understand that as well. I blamed myself for quite some time as well.
seeker:Ya you wish you could go back in time and change things or never get married lol
supporter:When you go to bed at night, if you can drift off to dream with a clear conscience, then you're doing significantly better than her!
supporter:What are you doing to take care of you during this time?
seeker:Not much at all
seeker:I feel like I'm in a funk and can't get out of it.  My house is a disaster.  I have a small business I am not in the mood to work on....I"ve been slacking in everything
supporter:You are important! You matter! Why not do something that is relaxing to you?
seeker:I do need to do something
supporter:Do you have any post-it notes? Or paper and scotch tape?
seeker:I do
supporter:Here's what I've done for myself, and other folks that are close to me, going through struggles...
seeker:ok
supporter:Jot down inspirational messages and hang them up on the bathroom mirror, refrigerator, car, etc. "You matter", "You deserve the best", "You are the shiznit", etc
seeker:the shiznet lol
seeker:I will try that
seeker:I need to do something
supporter:Then, for the tasks that might be getting a bit behind, make a list, in order of importance -- and include a little reward for each task completed.
seeker:Thats a good idea
supporter:We have to take care of ourselves. After doing it for awhile, it just might become second nature to ya. And -- if continued, will show gals in the future exactly how you expect to be treated because they'll see you taking care of you (and not settling for nor accepting any doodie)
seeker:I know I keep telling myself if I get my act together (physically, financially, etc) that I would attract better people....the kind I want to be with
supporter:Whether you "have your act together" or not, it's up to you to determine who is worthy of being an active part of your life.
seeker:Very true
seeker:Ok well thank you for talking to me and the help

supporter:Hi, can I help you today?
seeker:I'm having alot of anxiety
supporter:I am here to listen and help all that I can. Do you have a specific problem you're worried about?
seeker:I got sober 2.5 years ago and my mentor became my very best friend along the way and now have fallen in love...i am married and so is she, she has no idea how i feel and i have no one i can talk to
supporter:Thank you for sharing with me today and it sounds like this has happened organically. You seem surprised and that makes a lot of sense. 
seeker:I feel guilty about it
supporter:You seem to have a close bond and have been through sobriety together. That can make you feel very close to someone. How is your relationship with your husband?
seeker:I have a wife and we have been together for 18 years, married for 5.  I did alot of damage to our relationship when I was drinking and i'm not sure it will ever be the same
supporter:Could you be transferring feelings because she has been there for you through a rough time and maybe you feel understood more than you do in your marriage? Can you talk to your wife about your feelings openly?
seeker:about having feelings for another woman? NO...we have tried some marriage counseling apps things get better then go back.  
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. I was also married at one time and had similar issues. We never could get passed some issued like having kids or not. I understand it can be difficult coming to terms with someone. It doesn't always work out.
seeker:I have changed a great deal in the past 2.5 years even though it's been for the better it's difficult for my wife to reconcile the old and new
supporter:That makes a lot of sense and good for you. That's an awesome testament to your hard work.Does your mentor feel the same way about you? 
seeker:I never intended to have these feelings for my friend...it just developed over time.  I would never tell her though and ruin our friendship.
supporter:Do you have  sense that she has deeper feelings for you and that might be what you are picking up on and contributing to your feelings?
seeker:we have a very unique, strong loving, friendship that is completely platonic. she is happily married and has a strong faith, would never cheat.
supporter:Have you considered getting a mentor who you don't have strong feelings for and slowing down your friendship?
seeker:I don't want to cheat either let me clarify that because i never want to ruin our friendship...but I do need to deal with these feelings
supporter:I can understand. Have you ever consider starting a journal. A place to write your deepest secrets?
seeker:I have actually mentioned before that I think about distancing myself at times because i have never had such an influential friendship and she tells me she needs me as much as i need her and that she waited her whole life to find a friend like me...
seeker:I don't journal anymore but I do write alot of poetry to work through things
supporter:You need to put yourself first and distance is important. Sometimes writing your feelings down can make them practical in nature. You may read back what you write and learn about how you feel in a deeper way. Maybe you will learn you are craving attention from your wife and not getting it and that is contributing to this dilemma.
seeker:I believe you are right about that! thanks for the advice and the chat
supporter:Thank you for sharing and please reach out anytime. Have a great day.

supporter:Hello how are you feeling today?
seeker:Not so great today to be honest, have been trying to think of things I can do to make my life having meaning but I am struggling
supporter:I hear you, it's difficult to feel good when we are struggling. What are you struggling with?
seeker:I just feel so sad all the time, I don't know how to snap out of it
supporter:I'm sorry you're sad. Do you know what is making you feel so sad?
seeker:No, there doesn't seem to be any real reason, it's just a general feeling. I think that's why I'm finding it so hard to understand what to do to make myself feel better
supporter:I hear you, sometimes life gets overwhelming. What has made you happy in the past?
seeker:I guess maybe having something to do in my spare time, I used to go to the gym a lot but now I don't. Maybe I should try doing some exercise in the evenings 
supporter:Yes sometimes if you focus on a goal, you will feel accomplished, so you can focus on another goal.
supporter:Do you have a place where you can exercise safely in the evenings?
seeker:Yeah maybe. I think that's part of the problem, I have no goals, I feel like my life has no real purpose or meaning.
seeker:I do... I luckily live quite close to a nice cycle path that is surrounded by fields and woods
supporter:I bet if you try one goal, like exercise, you will be able to start on other goals and start to feel better
seeker:Yeah maybe, I'm not very good at running though, I do worry if I find it hard I will feel like I've failed and then won't want to do it again
supporter:You don't have to run, you could walk, that's good exercise. The cycle path sounds like a great place to do it at.
seeker:Yeah that's true. I do tend to go straight for the most difficult option sometimes! A walk is probably a nice thing to do, especially now the flowers are all starting to come out
supporter:And being out in nature has a way of restoring something basic in us. 
seeker:Yeah, I do like being outside. Sometimes I can go days without leaving the house so it will probably help to go outside
supporter:Do you meditate?
seeker:I don't, it's not something I have ever tried. Do you think it might help?
supporter:Yes, it's great to take a few minutes to quiet your mind and appreciate being in the now. 
seeker:Maybe I'll give that a try this evening, see if it can help calm me before bed
supporter:That sounds like a fantastic plan, another goal. Do you need more advice?
seeker:No I think I have a lot to think about for now, thank you for your help. I think I will try meditating and go for a nice long walk!
supporter:Glad to have helped! Have a great day!

supporter:Hello, How are you feeling today?
seeker:am fine 
seeker:at least for now
supporter:would you like to talk about it?
seeker:yeah... i have not been able to meet with my boyfriend physically due to the corona lockdown, and when i finally got to see him last month i discovered that he is cheating on me.
supporter:I am so sorry that you had to go through that, I know this is a very difficult time for you. Has your boyfriend reached out to you at all to clarify things or to see if you are okay? 
seeker:he has but it is not sounding convincing enough. i feel so hurt
supporter:Just By chatting with you, I can feel how hurt and upset you are . Is there anyone that can provide you support at home during this time?
seeker:there is nobody i can talk to about this, i dont  really have friends and my siblings are busy with their lives
supporter:This is a very challenging time for you especially when there is lack of support. I do feel your pain, And I would like to share some advise and suggestions which may alleviate some of the hurt and pain you are going through. Would you e open to hear them out?
seeker:sure, thanks for this
supporter:Mindfulness and yoga have proven to help overcome feelings of low mood and perhaps you could try with taking a few deep breaths and listening to some calming music before going to bed tonight. Do you think that, you can try something like this?
seeker:yoga sounds interesting but i will try starting it by weekend. some calming music will do at the moment. any suggestions for me?
supporter:I am so proud of you for giving this a try. I would like to suggest OCB relaxing music , which will help you relax.
seeker:thanks so much for this, i feel a weight lifted off my mind
supporter:I am so glad that you are feeling better. Just rest assured that I will be here for you should you need to talk to some one and I will do my best to support and guide you.
seeker:thank you for calming words
supporter:Have a great day
seeker:sure, you too
supporter:thank you
seeker:you are welcome

supporter:Hey! How are you?
seeker:Hi, I am having a really hard time. I just found out that my boyfriend cheated on me a year ago.
supporter:Have you confronted him about it yet?
seeker:Yes, I told him that my best friend confessed it to me. It was my best friend and him. I was so shocked.
supporter:Have you broken up yet?
seeker:No, I am so mad but I don't want to break up with him. I told my best friends that I never want to see her again though. My boyfriend and I have plans to get engaged this month. I am furious at him though.
supporter:I think you should postpone the engagement as infidelity during marriage is far more painful
supporter:You are strong if you are able to forgive him though because I know I wouldn't 
seeker:I have never been so blind sided. Maybe I should reconsider! I have had a guy after me for at least the last year but I never cheated! I really wanted to though.
supporter:No you should never cheat, because you would be on the same wavelength as your boyfriend. Instead, if you like the other man then you should go where your feelings take you :)
seeker:I am thinking that you are right. I feel like my whole world is upside down and I have wasted all this time with the wrong guy and the wrong best friend. I also wonder who else he might have cheated on my with. 
supporter:Yeah, that might be true, a relationship isn't healthy if you are cheated on
seeker:I am so grossed out because I am a germaphobe to begin with. I have not slept with any other person in my whole life so I feel like I am ruined. I want to throw up when I think of him cheating on me. I want to get married and I have a timeline so I am also really confused on what to do if I dump him.
supporter:To dump him is the best thing to do in my opinion. But always go where your heart is, because you won't be happy if you don't. If you do though, there are plenty men out there, and one of them is chasing you
seeker:Yeah, the guy who liked me was super rich too! My boyfriend is telling me that he wants my best friend to still be in the wedding party too. She was suppose to be my maid of honor, no less.
supporter:Yeah, but don't go with him because of he money though, genuinely get to know him first
seeker:I have compartmentalized my life and never thought of looking around at my other options. You are making really good points. I need to just stop and really look at my options. I never realized that I have options, it's not like i am even engaged yet.
supporter:Yeah, you have a lot of options at this stage, so always do what your heart is telling you at the end of the day
seeker:It feels good sharing how I feel with you because you don't have a dog in the fight so to speak.
supporter:yeah, lool something like that ;). Glad your better
seeker:I never listen to my heart and think that is a great place to start. I always have a plan and go with that but you are making a lot of sense. Thank you for your time today.
supporter:Your welcome ;)
seeker:Have a great day and I might be back soon to give an update.

seeker:hi
supporter:Hey. How are you?
seeker:i am not feeling too great
supporter:Why not?
seeker:i am not able to find a job for over 5 years
supporter:How have you been able to get by?
seeker:i am on social assiatnce but its not enough and i feel so worthless
supporter:If you keep trying things will work out in the end
seeker:but i have been tryin for so long, i dont know what ti do
supporter:Perhaps you havent searched well enough, have you gone to many interviews?
seeker:yes I did do a lot of interveiws but no one hired me 
supporter:Perhaps on the interviews you are doing something wrong, because it have been a while
seeker:i feel that i am not worthy and that no one thinks i am capable
supporter:Dont think that. You are worthy, you just need to apply yourself in the right direction :)
seeker:how can i do this
supporter:Perhaps look for any job for now, even if they wage isn't good, because you have to start with something. You need some work experience
seeker:i get depressed when i am rejected every time
supporter:it happens that you get rejected, but it is the opportunity to learn from your mistakes and go again :)
seeker:do you have any tools that can help manage my depression
supporter:Try meditation as it is able to help you relax and assess your situation
seeker:how many times should i do this
supporter:Maybe every day or a few times a week, depending on what you feel is necessary
seeker:okay i will try this and see if this works. shall i also try walking or exercsing
supporter:Yeah, anything to take your mind of it :)

supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:i am feeling good
supporter:That's awesome! What seems to be bothering you today?
seeker:i reminisced about old times and this particular memory of a friend popped up and i felt the rush of emotions i felt then
supporter:I can totally understand that! I look back in the same way and are reminded of good and bad times.
supporter:I understand you are emotional when thinking back, are the emotions of your friend, good or bad?
seeker:yeah, but i just get sucked in my emotions at that moment and it feels as if i am being transported back in time to that moment
seeker:the emotions are bad
supporter:Have you tried keeping busy so you remain focused in your life?
seeker:yes
supporter:Do you find that method is helping you get past/avoid those bad feelings you are having?
seeker:yes, i have further discovered new things that i am devoted to and that has helped keep me going
supporter:I understanding finding new interesting and devoting yourself to them. When I lost my dog recently, who I had for 20 years, I found that spending my time at a local dog shelter really helped me cope and move forward.
supporter:Is there anything else I can help you with or that you want to share with me today?
seeker:i am so sorry about your loss. moving forward from that time was really hard for me, i fell into depression which was so deep that i almost committed suicide. i was so lonely, because she was the only person so close to me and she knew all of my imperfections and secrets, and i considered her  my sister but yet she did something that terrible to me.
supporter:All you can do is take one day at a time, show up, do your best, remember her and her love/support...
seeker:well, i am a bit nervous about making friends in real life. i have got more friends online than in real life.
supporter:Making friends is tough, especially these days. What makes you the most nervous about it? 
seeker:i have tried to erase the bad memories and leave only the good ones, that way i feel less cornered
supporter:That's a great realization. It sounds easy but know that it will be challenging. It's okay to feel like you have 'failed' some days. The fact that you are aware, and working on it - that's huge!
seeker:i am so bad at starting conversations, i feel that i might say the wrong thing
seeker:thanks for the support, i feel more motivated to keep going
supporter:You are absolutely welcome! I wish you the best of luck.
seeker:thanks so much
supporter:Anytime.

supporter:Hello.  How can I help you today?
seeker:Hi. I am feeling really depressed. 
supporter:Is there anything particular that you are feeling depressed about?
seeker:Well I recently lost my grandfather and since then I have been feeling I am not doing well in life and that it's pointless. 
supporter:Losing a family member can be very tough.  It seems like you are having a hard time going forward.
seeker:Yes I am. I
supporter:Do you have anyone around you that you feel comfortable talking to about this?
seeker:I have talked to my family and my husband. They have helped some. I just feel depressed because I feel like I a not making an impact with my life. 
supporter:It's great you have family in your life that you can talk to.  It sounds like having a strong family is something you can be proud of. 
seeker:Yes. That is true. 
seeker:I think the idea that I could also lose the at some point is very hard to deal with. 
supporter:I agree.  I also worry about losing my family
seeker:What do you do to help feel better?
supporter:From my experience, I just focus on the now and try not to worry about things that may be out of my control.
supporter:Have you ever tried meditation?
seeker:No i have not. I am kind of a wired person and think I would struggle to meditate. 
supporter:I understand.  That may be exactly what could help you, though. It may be good to Try something that may open yourself up to new experiences.
seeker:Okay do you have any advice where to start?
supporter:There are several books that you can download from Amazon that can help with meditation, or if you really want to try something out of the norm, there are classes where they help you learn how to meditate.
seeker:Thank you that is really helpful. 
supporter:You're welcome.  I think that is a great start and I think it can be really helpful for you.
seeker:I do too.  I will start there. 

supporter:Hi! How are you?
seeker:Hi, I am in a town all alone and far from family. I have been really depressed.
supporter:Why are you in a town all alone?
seeker:Yes, I moved away and I thought I would be happier on my own but now all I do is think about them and miss them. Nobody ever has time to talk on the phone so I am all alone.
supporter:Do you have the option to move back? Because family is the most important thing at the end of the day
seeker:No, I was living with my mom and dad but when I moved out my brother got my room. He and I didnt get along so he would never want me to move back into the house with them either.
supporter:At this point, you will have to ask your family to make time to talk with you and im sure they will understand if they hear where you are coming from
seeker:That is a good idea, I can reach out to my mom. Maybe I should write her an email or something?My brother was a bully and so he is a big reason that I moved. My parents encouraged us to fight and argue, it wasn't a very fun place to live.
seeker:I've always been closer to my mom so she is much more understanding. She helps me pay my monthly bills too.
supporter:Yeah reach out to your mum, and although you fight and argue, they are still your family at the end of the day
supporter:Thats nice of her :)
seeker:Yes, that is a good point. I have always heard the blood is thicker than water.
seeker:I have also been upset lately because I had to leave all my pets when I moved out. I left my dog and my cat back at home.
supporter:Have you visited them ever since?
seeker:No, I am too far away to stop by or go for the weekend. I would have to plan a whole trip and I cant really afford it yet. My brother knew that the pets were mine but he demanded that he keep them there and I didnt want to fight with him so I said fine.
supporter:If they are your pets you should be able to keep them but you did the right thing as to not argue with your brother and your parents could  help you look after them
seeker:Yeah, you are right. Once he let the gate open just so my dog would run away, he says he didn't do it but I know him and he is really mean and vengeful. He would also pull pranks on me that were just cruel. He once told me that my cat was ran over but he was just hiding her at a friends house for a week.
supporter:Yeah, he doesn't seem very nice, but its good that you don't retaliate negatively 
seeker:Yeah, I used to be really depressed living there. I haven't thought about why I moved but you are helping me remember that i'm better off now. I am lonely but so much happier not living in the turmoil over there.
supporter:Its a good thing you moved then because at least now you are away from him
supporter:You should always try to be happy
seeker:Yep, I am feeling better today . Thank you for listening. Maybe I should just get a new rescue dog or something like that today? I don't want to dwell on my brother or that negativity. I am feeling a lot more hopeful just sharing my feelings.
supporter:Yes its good to not dwell on the past like that. Have a good day :)
seeker:Thanks! Have a great day too!

supporter:Hello! How are you today?
seeker:im good
supporter:What seems to be bothering you?
seeker:im have been very depressed due to lack of jobs and i have a lot of bills pending 
supporter:When was the last time you were employed?
seeker:May 2020
supporter:Coronavirus has impacted lives of many hard-working people. Are you eligible to receive help from the government?
seeker:My unemployment benefit has been stopped
supporter:I understand how being umemployed at this time could be very stressful. 
seeker:Yes it is. especially when you are not getting any help
supporter:I would apply anywhere that is hiring. You'd be surprised with the feedback you get. Being in the house will not help. If you've applied everywhere online, why not take a walk some where near to apply to small businesses that may not have applications online. Would that be an option for you?
seeker:I think i would just try that for now 
supporter:It would also help you get out of the house and have something positive to think about! 
seeker:yes i agree, because it is very depressing staying in the house with nothing to do
supporter:Most people would agree! You have to be able to get out of the house and be social in order to be truly happy and then you will enjoy your time at home once again.
seeker:Thanks so much for your encouragement
supporter:As for your pending bills, you can always try to see what type of assistance you can be provided by the company billing you. There may also be assistance by your local government for electric bills, water bills, and so forth.
seeker:I have some things that has been moved to collections 
supporter:Collection companies will usually work with you so you can make payments instead of paying one lump sum. After the payment plan has been sent or you've paid you're full amount it will even come off of your credit.
seeker:well i hope so, because i have been so worried about it 
supporter:I know it is harder to see the brighter side of things when depression is involved but it will get better! 
supporter:You will find a job and be the best you can be!
seeker:sometimes i have a walk down the street to clear my mind, but when i'm back home i get back to thinking again 
seeker:Thanks a lot for your help i really appreciate it 

supporter:Hi
seeker:Hi, I am in a bad mood and am hoping you can help :)
supporter:What's wrong?
seeker:My roommate has told me she wants me to move out but I have no where to go. I feel helpless.
supporter:Is there a reason she wants to leave?
seeker:She says I'm too critical and I complain too much. Meanwhile, she's the miserable one.
supporter:Maybe you could help her feel more comfortable around you, as that is what I would do :)
seeker:She's had both vaccines and watches CNN 20 hours a day...meanwhile I watch positive videos, do yoga, meditate and work all day. She's projecting. 
seeker:I'm trying. I'm not saying anything negative even though that's just my NY personality. She doesn't have a sense of humor though.
supporter:It seems like you two don't share a lot of chemistry. But then again, you can't afford to let her leave
seeker:I think she just wants to live alone here and wallow in her misery and embarrassing TV choices. lol But yes, you're right, I'm just trying to make her comfortable. And yes, we have nothing in common.
seeker:I may buy a car to live in. But I'm in AZ and it's about to be 110 degrees every day...
supporter:No i don't think thats a good idea, if you are still able to change her mind
supporter:Maybe try to talk it out with her in a calm setting
seeker:She screamed at me one day about 2 weeks ago, but hasn't mentioned it since. But, I do know she still wants me to go...the problem is if I bring it up, she gets really angry. It's like I can't win.
seeker:I think she thinks when I try to talk about it, it means I want to leave and since there's nothing either of us can do about it, she hates me even more...because it implies I can't stand her. If that makes any sense. 
seeker:She's extremely non-confrontational. (except for that one day where she just let it all out--hates my personality apparently)
supporter:Yeah, if she is non-confrontational that means that you will have to initiate it
supporter:Because she won't and she will end up leaving
seeker:But I don't want to make her mad again. Sometimes she just forgets things. lol Maybe she'll forget that she wants me to leave.
seeker:The funny thing is, she just bought a trailer....and I offered to live in it. She didn't go for that idea. 
supporter:yeah but you can't really take such a gamble tbh.  And why did she buy it, is it because she wanted you to live in it?
seeker:She bought it as a horse trailer. So she can both live in it when she goes on the rode and carry her horses too. But she hasn't even used it since she bought it months ago. Do you know how long we're supposed to chat for btw? 
seeker:road*, not rode. lol sorry
seeker:Ah, 15 minutes...I see it says on the left. 
supporter:We were supposed to chat for at least 10 messages each i think 
seeker:Oh good, I think we've done that? I tried this study before but don't know if I got paid...don't think so.
supporter:It takes a while i think like a week, but i am not sure
seeker:Okay, cool. Well, thanks for the advice. This is my reality right now actually. 
supporter:Yeah, if she wanted to leave she would've done so long ago in my opinion
supporter:bye
seeker:bye :)

seeker:Hello, I am feeling pressured and anxious about jobs
supporter:Hello and are you attempting to get a new job
seeker:Yes I am looking. Mturk has been nice but I have to spend a lot of time on it for not a lot of money.
supporter:Yes I know it can be very frustrating at times to start a new job and find one that fits 
seeker:Yes. I wish there were more opportunities or a way to find what I'm passionate about. 
supporter:What kind of field of work are you hoping to get into
supporter:What kind of work motivates you on a daily basis 
seeker:I have been in pharmacy field but there's not a lot of jobs where I live. Trying to find something remote. But even if I find something it will probably be difficult to do for me long term
seeker:Things that motivate me are organizing, exercising
supporter:That sounds like a very promising line of work, have you thought about a fitness trainer or maybe a physical therapist that would go along with exercise
seeker:That would be good, but I am not the best at it. Just recreationally. It would also require school which is out of the picture right now
supporter:There are alot of online courses that are affordable and even grants if you quailfy 
seeker:That is true. I will look in to it. Maybe I could do my own thing too with organization. I am also moving at the moment, plus the pandemic so there are a lot of stressors.
supporter:It sounds like you have a lot going on right now, but who mentioned organization was one of your strengths its the same as listing career posibilites and making a list of things to accomplish it
supporter:I meant you mentioned lol
supporter:I meant you mentioned lol
seeker:Yes good idea. I will work on that, making a list of what I would like to do and strengths. Just brainstorming. It takes a long time to figure it out and do the hiring process, or possibly going to school. It is a big decision
supporter:Yes I know it sounds really hard but I truly believe you can do it
seeker:Thank you! You have been helpful and motivating
supporter:Well I am very glad I was able to help
seeker:I'll keep trying. I have a lot of time on my hands at the moment so I will put it to good use hopefully. Have a nice day!
supporter:You too take care
seeker:Bye!

seeker:Hello 
supporter:whats on your mind?
seeker:I have been having problems with my friends. 
supporter:having problems with friends can be frusterating
seeker:They will not hangout with me because I will not get the vaccine. I do wear my mask and social distance but they still will not hangout.
supporter:then they are not your friends 
supporter:it should be your choice and a true friend would support you rdecision
seeker:We use to hangout all the time go to movies eat at each others houses. But snice I didn't get the vaccine yet they don't invite me anymore. I see on Facebook where they are meeting and having dinner.
supporter:cdc reports 2,509 people died after getting the vaccine. that is 0.0017% but still too high for me
seeker:Yes I'm just afraid of the long term effects from it. We have nothing to go on and what if it causes cancer or something else. My friends think that is none sense and I just need to man up.
supporter:wonder.cdc.gov you can serahc for side effects. maybe if you show them data they will lay off y ou and let you come around 
supporter:according to the search page, its caused 64 abortions
seeker:That's not a bad idea. I need to show them that because they all are prolife
supporter:i think you are being smart. i am doing the same. wait to see what the long term effect are
seeker:Thank you. I was starting to worry I was the only one thinking like this.
supporter:22% of people get headaches most common is chills fatigue pain nausea 
supporter:why get a vaccine that gives you the same symptoms you are trying to avoid? lol
seeker:O wow that's crazy. I will need to show them that for sure. I need to ask them if they had any problems from it. 
supporter:my coworker got hers this week. she had a headche, stomach ache and felt weak. maybe do a group chat so they call as see what sympotoms they all had
supporter:maybe if they see it all out there, they will undersstand your position
seeker:That is a really good idea. I think that may work.
supporter:it can't hurt to try!
seeker:I am going to try that today forsure.
seeker:I hope it helps them see where I am coming from.
supporter:it cant hurt, that is for sure
supporter:what does your familythink?
seeker:Yes hopefully that will help them see where I come from. Then maybe they will let me hangout with masks
seeker:They are ok with my choice. 
supporter:well that is good!
seeker:Yes they are really supportive and we have zoom calls each Friday night.
supporter:thats awesome! we did a masssive family zoom for my grandma's 93rd birthday 
seeker:That is great it really does help bring people together. 
supporter:it does. it was nice talking to someone wit hte same perspective for once!
seeker:I feel the same way. Thank you so much,
seeker:Have a great day.
supporter:have a great day!

seeker:hello
supporter:hello, how are you?
seeker:i'm feeling sad and tearful yet again
supporter:oh! can ask you why?
seeker:i miss my husband so much
seeker:i left him a couple of years ago
supporter:you can share you problem with me freely 
seeker:he didn't communicate....listened well but wouldn't talk or share of himself verbally...i got so frustrated
supporter:Oh ! that's very sad but try to move out from this
seeker:so i left....and now i miss all the good things i have lost
supporter:Try do those things that make you feel happy
seeker:i am depressed so it's hard to get moving on stuff i want to do...i feel so low
supporter:Try to live i future forget past
supporter:try to make your self happy
seeker:its hard to plan a future when i am grieving....i don't know how to make myself happy
supporter:don't be sad because of past
seeker:so i should focus ahead more and not behind?
supporter:Try do do those things that make you happy.
seeker:maybe i need to make a list of what made me happy in the past
seeker:how long will i be this sad?  it's been two years already
supporter:My sister went through but now she is ok because she left past
seeker:how long did it take her
supporter:Try to left past in pin
seeker:i try not to think of him but he keeps popping in my mind, without even inviting the thoughts
supporter:She went through this two years in this situation
seeker:he was so patient kind and supportive, i miss that about him
seeker:oh i see
seeker:it's lonely living alone that's making me sad too
supporter:try to do some yoga it will help you
seeker:That's a good idea
supporter:Try to go join some other activities that make you feel better
seeker:i not only miss my husband but i miss my friends because of covid I can't see them
seeker:that's a good idea....but the stupid pandemic makes that hard...maybe i should look for a virtual activity
supporter:Yes i know that hard situation for everyone 
seeker:yes it is....i am so relieved that people are starting to get vaccines, there is hope
supporter:but try do all things at home . stay safe as well
seeker:yes that's important i agree
seeker:maybe once i get more active i will miss him less
supporter:yes that's very goo people taking vaccine 
supporter:yes try to watch  comedy movies that make you happy 
seeker:a friend of mine suggested dating but I have ZERO interest in that
supporter:or laughter programs 
seeker:comedy yes, i have been doing some of that, and standup comics too, it does help
seeker:i am running out of funny shows and movies on netflix, hehe
seeker:but i agree that helps
supporter:that's very good
seeker:i can't watch violent shows right now while i feel low, it just makes me feel worse
supporter:Please try to watch those things that make you happy
seeker:okay good advice, i will
supporter:Thanks for sharing your problem with me
seeker:you got me to stop crying...it helps having you listen
seeker:thank you for your support
supporter:Thanks
seeker:so i will do yoga, funny programs, and new activities.....i have made a note
supporter:Your welcome
seeker:that gives me some stuff to try, that's great
supporter:I hope you will try these soon
seeker:i will do my best to
supporter:thanks for all
seeker:oh y ou know what i do find helps my mood? walking
seeker:ok i have to go
seeker:bye and thanks again
supporter:bye
supporter:thanks
supporter:bye

seeker:Hello
seeker:Hello?
supporter:Hello, How are you? 
seeker:I am okay
supporter:That is wonderful to hear. How is life going? 
seeker:It's alright. A little stressful with my job crisis.
supporter:Oh I know how hard it can be to be stressed out. What is going on with your job? 
seeker:Well, I've been looking for a proper job for some time now and I just can't find one. I work online every day and it is not something that is stable.
supporter:Oh yeah, not being able to find a job can be pretty stressful. Have you checked online, on job websites?
seeker:Yes. I have submitted hundreds of applications and I don't even receive an email on most of them.
supporter:Oh yes, that happens most of the time when applying for jobs. It's okay, you will definitely find one. Have you tried asking friends/ family? Maybe places that friends and family work at, have job openings.   
seeker:I've asked a few, but most of the people I know work retail jobs. I make more money than that working online. I just want a normal adult job, you know? I went to college, so it shouldn't be that hard.
supporter:Of course! Everyone deserves to have a job that they worked hard for. What kind of jobs are you interested in? 
seeker:I like museum jobs or jobs that work with animals, but all of those require years of experience that I can't get because no one will hire me
supporter:Oh okay, well while looking for job try not to put yourself in position where you take deep breaths and let your mind at piece. Patience is everything. Sometime in life we all have our patience tested, but that is OK because at the end the results are better than anything. 
supporter:I mean try to put yourself in that position. 
seeker:That is true. Maybe it just isn't the right time. Maybe I need to learn something before I find a job that I need to do
supporter:Of course! Everything comes at a perfect time, and we have to learn to be patient, and while waiting we can indulge in other activities that we like. 
supporter:While doing your online job maybe you can work in activities that build experience for a job you want to do next time. 
seeker:I volunteer once a week with animals
supporter:That is a great idea! You are working hard and that hard work is going to pay off! Just try to relax and be patient, which can help with your stress. 
seeker:Thank you! I appreciate your comments. I will try to relax and know that things will eventually work out
supporter:Of course! I love to help
seeker:Goodbye!
supporter:Goodbye and have a wonderful day!

supporter:hello, how are you feeling today?
seeker:I am feeling really sad and lonely right now. My boyfriend and I broke up and it was me who wanted it but now I regret breaking up and he doesn't want me back.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that, I can understand when we think we want something and then we change our mind but it's too late.
seeker:That is exactly it. I broke up with him because I liked another person but then quickly realized that I made a mistake and it's too late. I want him back should I start calling and going to his house to beg?
supporter:nobody knows him better than you do, right now I do not think he is in a good place either since it wasn't his choice to end it, how do you think he would react if you started pressuring him? 
seeker:I haven't really thought of that yet. He has a pretty short temper actually. I know he is really mad at me so I think he might want to yell at me and get his anger out before he could start being nice to me again. 
supporter:frustration and anger are common responses in situations like this, perhaps you can try a softer approach and let him know how you feel, without pressuring him into a response
seeker:Yeah, that's true. I have been secretly watching his social media and he has girls asking him out and I don't want to let them get to him before I can get him back. I want to make it up to him somehow and do whatever he wants to get back together.
supporter:you can always ask him calmly if he would like to talk, so you both have a chance to express your feelings in a safe way, with no yelling or arguing, do you think that's something he would do?
seeker:I can try that, I think he might be responsive at first if I dont set him off. All of his friends hate me so I have nobody on my side right now. Should I try to get his friends to like me again? Is that an way  I could use to get him to want me again?
supporter:nobody likes to see that one's friend is sad because of someone else, I think this is an issue that only the two of you can resolve, if he takes you back then his friends will take you back as well, but you need to make sure you want him back
seeker:I can understand what you mean. I need to think this through.
supporter:what made you like someone else in the first place?
seeker:Well, we are in a small town and he was popular and the cutest guy in our town. I liked being with someone so popular. He wasn't always nice to me and is why I wanted to be with someone else for a short time. He used to leave me at parties and go off with his friends sometimes.
supporter:was it a common thing that he didn't give you the attention you wanted?
seeker:My friends always said that I could do better and that he didn't deserve me. He gave me statis in our town and everyone wanted to be his girlfriend so I think I liked the attention, yes.
supporter:were you happy with him or were you happy that you were with the popular guy?
seeker:I really liked being with the popular guy who everyone looked up to. My parents don't like him at all and have wanted us to break up the whole time we were together.
supporter:it sounds to me like you liked the title more than the feeling of being with him, reflecting on your time together, would you do that again? 
seeker:I have never thought of it this way. You are making a lot of good points that I never thought of before. When I think about him I miss the way I felt in terms of being popular. I don't really miss him as a person.
supporter:popularity in my opinion, it's just an opinion (I hope I make sense) but think about how you'd like to be treated and how you want to feel when you are with someone, because at the end of the day it's your feelings and your happiness, I wish you the best of luck.

seeker:HI
seeker:Anyone there?
seeker:Hello?
seeker:Is anyone there?
supporter:Hi there I am so sorry
supporter:was a little distracted but I am here.  How are you feeling? 
seeker:Yes, it's a weird story. I am feeling very sad about it.
seeker:I think that the person just changed over time. We grew apart.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that.  Do you want to tell me the story? I promise it won't be weird. I've been through a lot.  
supporter:Oh yeah?  Was this a friend, partner, family member?  
seeker:My boyfriend just stopped communicating with me. It's like he lost interest in me and moved on.
seeker:Breakups are the worse around the holidays. It was around Thanksgiving last year. Have you ever been through a breakup during the holidays?
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that.  Have you tried anything to address the situation?  Perhaps bringing it up to him subtlly?  Or even just asking how HE is, to see if he has siomething he wants to talk about. 
supporter:Oh goodness, yes.  I actually was ghosted by the woman I thought was my soulmate... on my birthday.  It was... strategic of her. 
seeker:I tried to call, text, and email him but he never responded. I just accepted it as he just moved on, and I had to do the same. 
seeker:I am sorry to hear about your girlfriend. That must have been hard to experience your breakup on your birthday.
supporter:So you haven't heard from him since the end of November? 
seeker:No, he just totally cut off all communication. I don't know whether or not he is safe or anything. 
supporter:Is there a family member or trusted friend you could reach out to?  Has he logged into or posted on any of his social media accounts?
seeker:We never went out on a date or anything. It was just strictly communicating my phone, text, and email. It was kind of weird, like he was hiding something. I don't know about any of his friends or family. He does not have any social media accounts. 
supporter:Is he close to you or is this a long distance type thing?  Just for context's sake. No judgment of course. 
seeker:It was more of a long distance relationship. It is far to love from a distance though.
seeker:It is hard to love from a distance-- sorry.
supporter:Well, it can also be... easier to open up to someone and the relationships can be very intimate, even from a distance.  So your feelings are valid, 100%. 
seeker:Yes. It was nice talking to you. I am about to sign off. Have a great day!

seeker:hello?
supporter:How are you doing today ?
seeker:stressed
supporter:It is a stressful time , why are you feeling stressed ?
seeker:work, kids, school
supporter:I can understand 
seeker:how many kids do you have?
seeker:what kind of degree do you have?
supporter:I have 2 kids , How many kids do you have ?
supporter:I have a bachelor degree
seeker:6 year old twin boys and an 8 year old daughter
seeker:i'm divorced. they sleep at his house and he gets them off the bus
seeker:i start work at 6 so i cna get off at 2 and get them off the bus at 3
seeker:i'm going for my master's degree. i am about halfway done
supporter:Managing things all become stressful, but Im sure you are really good at what you are doing!
seeker:im so tired all the time 
seeker:i feel lik everything i do just isnt enough
seeker:how do you handle things and stress?
supporter:Thats are not true, You have beautiful kids, work and pursuing master's . You are a great achiever 
seeker:i guess
supporter:Deep breaths and practicing mindfulness will help you relieve some stress
seeker:I WISH I HAD TIME LOL
supporter:I sometimes do Meditation or go for a 10 mins walk 
seeker:i guess it is worth a try
seeker:anythign else?
seeker:*anything
supporter:Thats true with your busy schedule finding the balance is challenge . 
seeker:i am a multitasking queen, but even then i still dont have enough time it seems lol
supporter:Hope you feel relaxed just chatting with me for a change 
seeker:i appreaciate you taking your time to talk to me. nice change of pace
seeker:you are easier to talk to than my kids LOL
seeker:and not as annoying....
seeker:anyways, thanks for the suggestions. i appreciate it
seeker:i dope you have a great rest of your day!
seeker:*hope ugh

seeker:I need some advice I have been feeling anxious lately.
supporter:Im sorry to hear you have been feeling anxious. Lets work to find things that maybe help you feel better when your feeling this way. 
seeker:Do you have any ideas?
supporter:Based on studies generally walking away for a moment from a stressor can help to relieve that stressor momentarily enough to maybe make you feel alittle better. 
seeker:I have been going for walks alone and that is nice to have a break. Any other ideas?
supporter:Thats a good idea and sometimes when ive been stressed walking or any physical activity can help to promote more of a positive feeling based on the release of endorphines.
supporter:How long have you been experiencing anxiety?
seeker:I have been working out more. How do you relax? I have had anxiety for a month now.
seeker:I think I need a vacation.
supporter:Do you think maybe it has to do with covid going on right now? Or did anythign specifically happen that has brought on more anxiety? more work? family? money? .....
seeker:Covid is bad enough but my husband has been battling an illness for weeks.
supporter:Generally to relax i as well enjoy some forms of exercise, sometimes a cup of warm tea or even just listening to music can help distract your mind for a moment. 
seeker:Those are good ideas. Do you think a good diet helps too?
supporter:Im so sorry to hear that. I completely understand why you may be feeling the way you do. 
seeker:Any other advice?
supporter:I do think a good diet can help with many aspects of things, after all food is the energy and nutrients for your body. So if you eat bad quality food you dont reap all the benefits and nutrition that comes from a good nutrient rich diet. 
seeker:Do you think calling friends helps?
supporter:The best advice i can give is to remember to be positive , focus on also your own sanity and take one day at a time. 
seeker:That is sound advice. 
supporter:i think having a good support system is a wonderful idea. That can include friends, family or any other professional you may use to communicate with.
seeker:I think as he feels better I will too.
supporter:I think that may be so. Its tough to not worry when it comes to anyone you care about or love especially if they arent doing well. 
supporter:Is there anything else i can help you with or do you have any other questions?
seeker:Exactly and I think he finally has some medicine that is starting to help.
seeker:Thanks for your help.
supporter:Im glad to hear that. And your welcome. I hope i could help and hope the best for you and your family. 
seeker:To you too.

supporter:Hi, can I help in any way today? Can you tell me about yourself?
seeker:I am a mom of three boys and I work a full time job. I feel like if I didn’t have my kids to take care of I would run away and start a new life somewhere else
supporter:I can see how you have a lot on your plate. Yo must get very exhausted.
supporter:Are you wanting to run away alone or move away on your own? Do you feel trapped when you say you want a new life?
seeker:I am. My husband just got laid off at his job, but he didn’t really help with bills anyway. I’m just so depressed and I feel like I’m going to go crazy and no one even cares
supporter:Wow, that is a lot of pressure that you have to endure. Do you feel like you have anyone in your life who cares and listens?
seeker:I could never leave my kids. But sometimes I feel like it would be so much easier to just be dead
supporter:I am really thankful that you reached out today and I am happy that you are here with me today. You are making a lot of sense and I appreciate you opening up.
seeker:My mom cares, but she is having a lot of health problems so I don’t feel like I should bother her with my problems 
supporter:Have you been able to tell any friends how you are feeling and how alone you feel?
seeker:No. I have stopped talking to my friends and just kept to myself. I don’t think they even understand how I feel 
supporter:I can understand how you feel. I live in a new town and dont have any friends here and it can be very lonely and isolating. Do you have any hobbies or do you have any time for yourself?
seeker:I just want to hide in a hole and not talk to anyone 
supporter:I have felt that way before and I reached out for help like you are today. I was so depressed that I need to start therapy. 
seeker:I’ve been listening to a lot of audio books, it’s a nice escape 
seeker:I wish I could afford a therapist 
supporter:Do you ever write in a journal or are you able to exercise alone? Both of those can begin a path to healing.
seeker:I was trying to exercise 5 times a week but when I feel depressed I can’t seem to summon the energy to exercise 
supporter:I can relate to that. Maybe you can start with journaling and writing out your feelings and thoughts. They may help clear your mind especially in the evenings.
seeker:I will try writing. Lately I just go to work and as soon as I get home I just lay on the couch the rest of the day.
supporter:It can even be just a few bullets points to start yuor journal. Just think of it as highlighting your day and write a few bullets of what you are thankful for. That can be a five minute task. I will change your head space.
seeker:That is a really good idea. I think I need to start focusing more on myself and quit trying to please everyone else 
supporter:Yes, you deserve some time to be selfish and take care of you and your needs. You can do it in the evenings when hopefully everyone is asleep and you can rest your mind and reset your thinking.
seeker:Okay I will try tonight 
supporter:You have already made great progress today by reaching out and explaining out you feel. Thank you for letting me listen today.

seeker:hi
supporter:HI, how's. your day going?
seeker:Well is is going how about you? 
supporter:I'm working hard? What are you doing?
seeker:i am at work today but we are on reduced hours and thats not easy since my paycheck is quite smaller
supporter:I understand that. I have a smilier situations and bills don't stop for reduced hours
seeker:exactly, and my husband was sick for a long time and unable to work so it is very stress ful
supporter:Is he feeling better now?
seeker:Yes he is better, he is self employeed so he had no income whatsoever
supporter:well that's good news.  I am sure you are continuing to try hard
seeker:we do but we can't egt any help from outside since for them we still make to much money but not enough to pay everything and eat and pay hospital bills
supporter:it sounds like you are stress about the situation and overwhelmed trying to find a path forward
seeker:that would sum it up.
supporter:do you have a plan to resolve the situation?
seeker:no not really.... I can only work i am at my end
supporter:is there something else you can do at your job or take on another part time job to help. make ends meet?
supporter:I know there are lots of open jobs out there
seeker:It is hard to find something we live pretty rural then driving times and gas will get complicated 
supporter:I am sure you have done your best and are continuing to try hard

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi, how are you feeling today?
seeker:I'm feeling a bit confused and anxious. 
supporter:okay, that is valid, do you have an idea what is causing the confusion?
seeker:So I've been dating and my parents are aware. But recently after I said I want to go on a trip with my boyfriend, my parents have all sorts of opinions about it. And all their traditional beliefs that I did not know existed are now on the surface and they are kinda forcing me to follow it. 
seeker:For say they think "bad types of woman" go on trips with their boyfriends and I need to save myself. 
seeker:They have been guilt tripping me and I feel very confused.
supporter:Your feelings are valid and it is okay to feel confused in this situation considering you love your boyfriend and parents 
supporter:Have you tried discussing with your boyfriend to talk to your parents as a means of reassuring them?
supporter:Or getting someone neutral that your parents trust to talk to them?
seeker:I have. It's been a long stressful month of discussion. The problem is I don't share their beliefs, and I haven't been really "saving myself". I'm been living away from them for collage quite a while and I've been basically doing stuff that if they found out they would be very upset about.
seeker:But I didn't think it bothers them because they never shared any of this. 
seeker:And they said if I go on this trip I'm disrespecting them and the entire family. 
seeker:But his parents are totally cool and don't seem to mind. 
supporter:I get how difficult and upsetting this situation is to you, i have been in a similar situation, however, in my case i took charge of my life, though they are my parents i did what i felt is good for me
supporter:Before i continue, do you mind me asking how old you are?
seeker:I'm 26
seeker:And I see what you're saying.
seeker:It's really hard breaking free because they always monitored me my entire life. 
seeker:I never had a voice for myself. They basically bullied and forced me to do what they wanted. 
seeker:BTW if you didn't guess I'm their favorite child. 
supporter:Okay, you are old enough to be away from your parents, i am going to suggest you sitting with them down and having a heart to heart discussion with them
supporter:Let them know the consequences of them forcing you, your feelings towards it and how unhappy you are with them restricting you
seeker:Should I tell them everything I did that goes against what they believe? 
seeker:So they know that I don't share their beliefs? 
supporter:No, i think that should be personal to you, i would not suggest you hurting or making them see you as a disappointment
supporter:I am sure you will be fine after discussing with them, they will come around
seeker:I guess worst case I won't talk to them for a while : ) 
seeker:Thank you , that helped. 
supporter:They might be sad and upset now but they will get over it definitely
supporter:You are welcome
seeker:Have a good one!
supporter:You too

supporter:How are you! 
seeker:I'm okay. How are you?
supporter:Good. Thank you for asking. What brings you to talk today?
seeker:I've been having anxiety issues because my job is unfulfilling and I think I can do more. It's complicated though because the company I work for depends on me, and it holds me back from finding something better.
supporter:I can understand how that is upsetting. 
supporter:What about the job do you find unfulfilling?
seeker:Well I work in sales at a manufacturing business. Most of my work is just paperwork and because of coronavirus most days I only have 2 hours of work but I am here for 8. So most of the day I just sit at my desk and contemplate what I could be doing instead.
supporter:I understand. It seems to me you are a proactive person who enjoys continuing work to obtain a goal. Is that correct?
seeker:Absolutely. I'm not the type of person that likes to sit around and not do anything. I like to stay busy at work so the day goes by quickly. But since it doesn't I have turned impatient which in turn gives me anxiety issues.
supporter:I am the same way. My mind needs something to work with or it begins to wonder. 
supporter:Have you talked to your work about additional projects you could work on during your time?
seeker:No I haven't yet. But I was thinking about it actually. Do you think that would be weird to do?
supporter:I think that would be a good next step. Communication is always helpful. I think your work will appreciate that you are being proactive. 
seeker:I think you are right and having more projects to work on would make me happy.
supporter:Perhaps this will improve things and if they dont improve you can reassess. 
supporter:How are you feeling about things now? Is there anything else I can assist with?

seeker:I am so mad that I can't see straight.
supporter:Hello! What is on your mind today? 
supporter:Oh really? Why is that? 
seeker:Well, my boyfriend has cheated so many times that I cant count them. I then meet someone nice and cheat on him once and now he breaks up with me.
supporter:being mad that your boyfriend cheated is normal. being mad when dumped is normal. 
supporter:don't you think you DESERVE better than he was treating you?
seeker:Thank you! I can see that I am talking to someone who understands.
seeker:I am wondering if I should beg him back?? I really do love him.
supporter:I've been there too
supporter:Expecially with covid, it can be hard realiing you may be alone and it may be frusterating dating someone new
supporter:if you really love someone, shouldnt they love you back? did his actions show love? 
seeker:Yeah, and we have been together since high school so it is really hard to think of ever marrying anyone else. He asked me to marry him but we never made it official or got rings.
supporter:if you did get back together and get married, how do you know he wouldnt cheat again? what if you had kids? they would have to see you go through heartbreak
supporter:i think its normal to want to marry your high school sweetheart
seeker:He told me he never wants kids with me but acts like he would have them someday, somehow? I think you're right.
supporter:i married mine. 3 years later he left me to move into his girlfriends house leaving me with our two month old daughter
supporter:trust me, its not worth it in the long run
supporter:maybe you can find someone deserving on someone like you!
seeker:Noway! That is my worst nightmare, I am so sorry. That is a real eye opener for me/ That is exactly what I don't think I could handle. I just am in the worst cycle ever and don't have any friends to turn to or anybody who wants to listen to the drama.
seeker:I think I have wasted a lot of my life and I can't ever get the time back that I have invested in him.
supporter:i think a lot of couples are feeling stuck with covid. once things open up and everyone is vaccinated and get togethers happen again, i bet there will be a LOT more breakups and a lot more options out there!
supporter:all we can do is learn from our mistakes and not let the past repeat itself
seeker:Yeah, I can see your point. It is nice being able to vent to you and feel like I am being heard. I never got that in my relationship with him. I need to learn from the past this time and stop repeating it.
supporter:with your newly aquired free time, you can focus on you! start a new hobby, dye your hair,do something you always wanted to do!
seeker:I haven't even had the time to get myself cute and fixed up in forever! I love that idea! I need to get my haircut.
supporter:know what the best part is?
seeker:No, I have idea? 
supporter:get yourself fixed up and cute, and find a hot new guy. your ex will see on social media and know he messed up and see you happy. its quite theraputic :D
seeker:HAHA!! YES!! I was thinking the exact same thing! The best revenge is moving on and looking good and with somebody hot!
supporter:EXACTLY! You deserve so much better! Make yourself feel like it and everyone see it! :D :D 
seeker:Sounds great! I am revived and am going to schedule a spa day and reinvent myself! Out with the old! Thank you for your encouragement today. I am going to move on from this mess and make my life better. Thanks again!
supporter:Good luck!

supporter:Hi, how are you?
seeker:Hello, not great. How are you?
supporter: I am doing okay, thanks for asking but what's going on with you?
seeker:My wife just told me that yesterday on a party my best friend flirted with my wife and asked her if she wants to have sex with him.
supporter:Oh no and how did this make you feel?
seeker:I am disgust and very angry to my friend
seeker:We've been friend since high school
supporter:I could imagine it did make you feel that way. This person doesn't seem like a friend as he knew that that was your wife. 
seeker:I totally agree, it's unacceptable in any society I think 
seeker:I am so angry now I want to smash his face 
supporter:Yes, most definitely. Your feelings are very valid in this situation. However, physical violence would not be the best solution because you could get in trouble.
seeker:That's what my wife is also telling me.
seeker:But what can I do then? I want to smash things now
supporter:First, I would suggest that you distanced yourself or even stopped being friends with this person. Second, for the anger that you feel, there are a lot of things you could do like going running, going for a walk, or even crying
supporter:It's important that you do not hold these feelings in.
seeker:I don't want to cry sorry, I want hit something
supporter:Have you considered punching a bag in the gym? That can be a great way for you to release that anger.
seeker:It would be great, unfortunately I don't go to gym
seeker:Should I ring him and tell everything I feel about him?
seeker:What do you thing
supporter:You could definitely call him and express your feelings to him as that would be another great way to get how you're feeling off of your chest. 
seeker:I will then definitely ring him. Also I feel so sad because we have a lot of friends in common 
supporter:I definitely understand how you feel, I've been in the same situation where I'm not friends with a particular person but we have the same friend group. It may be hard in the beginning but the tension and awkwardness should get easier as time goes on. I would suggest that you hang out with these friends without this other friend you're having issues with.
seeker:That's for sure but then friends need to decide who to invite 
supporter:That's okay. Sometimes it may be you or other times it may be him that gets invited but that's how things will be since the situation transpired.
seeker:He did a such stupid thing, now he now only myself and he is affected but also our friends
supporter:That's very true. Don't bring the situation to your friends though because they had nothing to do with it. Only the friend who did the action should be affected. 
seeker:yeah true.
seeker:Thank you for you help I will ring him soon
supporter:No problem, I really hope that you can get a peace of mind from this situation. I wish you the best of luck!
seeker:You too, have a great day.

supporter:Hey! How are you?
seeker:Hello, could be better and how are you?
supporter:I'm good but what make you say you could be better?
seeker:I've made an accident at work in the warehouse 2 days ago and didn't report it. I have fear and anxiety that if management will find out I will get in trouble
supporter:Why didn't you report it?
seeker:I don't know now, I've just started there 1 month ago and probably I thought I will lose my job straight away
supporter:You should report it because at least the boss knows that you are honest with your actions. 
supporter:I don't think you won't lose it straight away if it is your first mistake
seeker:Yes I know and I regret it now, but I think to go report now it's too late
supporter:It's never too late, and it would be better to do it now than let him find out himself :)
seeker:On a training they told that need to report any accident straight away and if delay it will result in losing job for sure
seeker:I know I did wrong and it bothers me as I don't want to lose my job
supporter:Yes but if you report it now you still have a chance of being let off, but if u don't report it now, you would almost certainly lose your job.
supporter:In any case, always prepare for the worst circumstance at this point
seeker:But also there is a chance they will not find out?
supporter:They most likely will, so it is better not to use that chance
seeker:It's quite large warehouse and I know they have old cameras there
supporter:In any case, it is always better to tell the truth, because you don't want to have the truth boiling up inside of you for a long time. Thats what I say
seeker:Yeah I guess you are right. I just don't know what to do if I lose my job as now it's very hard to find a job
supporter:Knowing the severity of the mistake, i think you should tell as good things come to people who are honest :)
supporter:But about your depression, try to occupy yourself with more work and maybe your boss will see that you have changed your ways
seeker:Well knowing me the luck is not always on my side
seeker:Should I report at start of the shift or end of the shift what do you think?
supporter:I think you should work extremely hard during the shift so the boss thinks you have changed your ways, at the end of the shift
supporter:As long as you tell its up to you
seeker:Hope he will notice it as we have big team
seeker:If not will try to find new job I guess...
supporter:Yeah, but start preparing for the worst now:)
seeker:Thank you for your help today, I might text you tomorrow after work if things go bad

supporter:Hey! How are you?
seeker:Hello there.
seeker:I've made a mistake at work today and I have a fear that I will get in serious trouble
supporter:What was the mistake?
supporter:Was it too serious?
seeker:One Lorry wasn't collected and around 300 customers will not get their orders on time 
supporter:Is that your first time making that mistake?
supporter:If so i'm sure your manager will tell you to make sure in case for next time
seeker:Yes is it. But before me nobody made a mistake such as this one in my team.
supporter:Mistakes happen, they are unavoidable, and your manager should know this so since it is your first time he should take it easy
supporter:Just make sure it doesn't happen again because you need to learn from this mistake :)
seeker:I fear I will have a serious conversation tomorrow with my manager and I will be told off.
seeker:I feel so stressed now I can't normally breath 
supporter:If you can't breath normally, then I think it is best to start to meditate in order to control your breathing and make you less stressed
seeker:I've never done anything like this before, would you be able to assist me a little bit?
supporter:Yes, meditation is extremely useful, and I also use it when I feel stressed
seeker:So how I should do it?
supporter:Maybe play calm classical music and start slowly reminiscing about the days previous, and your future ahead
supporter:or you could just wacth a youtube tutorial, either one works fine
seeker:I just don't really like classic music but I can try
seeker:Yes probably I will look in youtube how to do it thanks.
seeker:Do you think I will lose my job?
supporter:It is all in the aid of calming yourself down, and your welcome :) 
supporter:and knowing it is your first offense, probably not but always prepare for the worst
seeker:I am working in the company for 5 years and if I will lose it and don't know what to do next. as now it's hard to find new job
supporter:5 years is a very long time, so I don't think that you will be given the pink slip
supporter:I know it would be hard to find a new job, which is why you should always be prepared
seeker:I hope so, I am very not looking forward to come to work tomorrow :/
supporter:If you believe in yourself, things will work out somehow :)
seeker:I will try to believe in my self and will check how to relax on youtube.
supporter:Yes, thats the spirit!
seeker:Thank you so much for our help and that you listened to me.
supporter:Your welcome! There is always someone to talk to
seeker:Thank you, have a great day
supporter:You too!

seeker:Hello
supporter:hello, how are you doing and how was your night?
seeker:It's been tough.  I've been looking for a job for months, but feel like I'm getting nowhere.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that but if i may hear your you clearly, what you are saying is that you don't have any job for a long time now
seeker:Well, I am fortunate to have a job, but I am seeking a different job because the one I have does not pay what my skills are worth.  It barely pays enough for me to pay my essential bills.
supporter:ok, that is a bit of relief 
supporter:have u check for job vacancy in your state
seeker:I have, but there are few decent jobs out there. Most available jobs are in locations where one can not drive safely or their personal safety is at risk.
supporter:oh, safety is everything. have you ever consider changing your location. i once change my location to pursue my goal and it pan out well
seeker:Last week, I submitted an application package for my dream job.  I have over 15 years of experience and the employer offers housing (which I have seen before, and it is quite nice).  I have heard nothing at all.
seeker:I would have to relocate 4 hours away, but I would do it in a heartbeat for this job.
supporter:wow, i pray that work out. i believe it will work out
seeker:What makes this job so special to me is that it is not like a regular job:  it is at a conference center resort owned by my church denomination.  I have attended religious retreats there and am now in the process of seeking a new confirmation into this church because it is a different church than that of my childhood.
seeker:Working there would be ministry, not typical work.  And because the majority of staff and guests are from one of our sister churches, one is working mostly with friends and building long relationships.
supporter:wow, that's a big deal. i know you might not be the only one fighting for this position but i trust you will get it
seeker:Thank you.  I believe there are three things in my favor:  I know the job well, as I became friends with the person I would be replacing, My pastor wrote a glowing reference, and I was also able to get a reference from the person who trained me for my current (related) job fifteen years ago.
supporter:even by working there, you will surely meet new friends. do you know many people from the church?
seeker:We worked together for almost 13 years before she retired, but who would be in a better position to assess my skill than my trainer/work partner?  I know a few of the higher ups from the area churches, and a handful of families.  I know half the core staff I would be working with daily and think of them as extended family.
supporter:you just have to be patient and don't push it too hard so that you won't look desperate 
seeker:The benefits are nice, also, such as staff are provided meals prepared by the banquet chef and his team when at work.
seeker:And though everyone has a role, the office staff support each other well and work as a team.
supporter:wow, banquet at work. that is a wonderland stuff
seeker:At the risk of preaching religion, I believe God may be calling me to serve there.
supporter:that is definitely a dream job. God is everywhere
supporter:just put your trust in Him. He never sleep nor slumber 
seeker:When off duty, staff are encouraged to enjoy the facilities and mingle with guests.  There is an Olympic sized pool, field games, a gymnasium, an exercise room, and if off duty, one can attend most any of the events on the campus, unless designated as a private event.
supporter:wow! Olympic size pool. Keep praying. the job is yours. 
seeker:Because my job is to sell repeat business, it is essential that I get out and meet guests and make certain that their needs are met, but it usually comes in the form of serving snacks at intermission and saying hellos as one passes.  It would feel like a family reunion, but in a family where everyone gets along.
supporter:that is good, i work in such place where everyone is like a family. 
seeker:The music events year round are outstanding.  They have many well known names in Christian music as well as speakers who are well worth hearing.  To be able to hear these messages at no cost makes the job priceless.
supporter:i can feel your excitement. 
seeker:As I said to my pastor, just to work somewhere where people say thank you and ask how you are doing rather than criticize every move would be such a blessing.
seeker:And since I work nights already, I am more than happy to cover the office overnight to attend to guests who have locked themselves out, or have other concerns.
seeker:I used to live on site at the motel where I work now, and on my days off, all I did was make keys and walk the grounds to ensure safety.
seeker:At this facility, there are beautiful benches to sit and watch the moon and stars and enjoy the sunrise or just take a moment.  There are covered gazebos and a couple buildings have deep covered porches for days when it's a bit rainy or the sun is strong.
seeker:And we're across the street from mountains and a river.  The campus is simply beautiful.
supporter:we are trying to make impact and survive which is what you have been doing with your current work. but sooner or later you will get your real job.
seeker:I pray you are right.  I feel as though I have been running on a hamster wheel, but it has brought me to this.
seeker:Fifteen years of directly related experience, with about another 15 to 20 years of customer service, call center, and customer facing work.
supporter:I hope and pray everything happens the way you wished. you have been working hard.
supporter:I will put you in my prayers
seeker:Thank you.  I don't mind the work, but it would be nice to also have appreciation,  that is what makes the current job difficult is that I feel taken for granted.
seeker:Thank you
supporter:You are welcome. Do have a nice day
seeker:You too, thank you

seeker:Hello there.
supporter:hello, how are you?
supporter:How is your day today?
seeker:Could be better, I feel anxiety about my Uni exams. I feel I will fail it all this year
supporter:Oh! don't feel like this try to feel relaxe
supporter:Try to make yourself confidence and relax 
seeker:I just can't, I fall behind on study because I played too much online games and didn't attend classes
seeker:It's easy to say to try to relax :(
supporter:Try to give more time to your studies
seeker:I am trying to catch up 3 month study in one week, but more I am trying the more I feel I will fail
supporter:I can feel your anxiety from your chatting 
seeker:Oh thank you
supporter:I have been from same situation but i try my best and i did
supporter:I have that you can do it don't worry 
supporter:hope*
seeker:I am sleeping now like maybe 4 hours per day trying to catch up
supporter:Oh! that very hard but try you best 
seeker:Anything I can do to help my sleep?
supporter:Try to feel condense that you know everything it help you to relax
supporter:If you relax you can sleep more
seeker:That's a good idea I can try.
supporter:Thanks for taking my suggestion 
supporter:I hope it will help you
seeker:Maybe I can take some medications as well?
supporter:Try to relax without medication because medicine is not good for health
seeker:Ok, as you said that you were in this situation I will try to do my best.
seeker:Thank you very much for your help
supporter:Try to do some yoga
supporter:Your welcome 
seeker:I can try thank you. Will do today
seeker:Thanks again
supporter:Thanks to you for sharing your problem 

seeker:Hello, I need some advice as I have a depression as I found out my wife cheated on me with my friend
supporter:HI, how are you?
seeker:I am depressed a little bit, feel devastated. 
supporter:Its very sad but try to come out from depression
supporter:because its not good for your health
seeker:I can't sleep at night proverly as well. Feels like all my friends are talking about me
supporter:Oh!, please don't feel like this try to do some yoga before sleeping
seeker:I've never tried yoga before, how exactly does it helps?
supporter:yoga make you feel relax try this
supporter:yes try it make you feel better
supporter:Yoga is relaxing tool
seeker:I can try tonight but don't know where to start. Do you know ny resources where to get instructions for yoga to make depression go away?
supporter:try to watch some videos and follow some yoga trainer 
supporter:Just from your chatting i feel how much you are in depression 
seeker:Ah ok I will try thanks. Anything I can do at work? As I feel unfocused all the time and thinking about betrayal and divorce.
supporter:Try those things that make you feel happy before work like funny videos 
supporter:I hope i can help you
seeker:Unfortunately I have no time, I wake up at 5 AM and my shift starts at 6. I just feel that all my colleagues have talks about me all the time behind my back.
supporter:Long time age I'm in same situation so i try those things so those help me to come out from this
seeker:Should I try to date somebody or it is too early how do you think?
seeker:I know one woman is really into me at work but I am quite not into her, only consider as a friend
supporter:Yes its too early try to fix your old relationship before move on new
seeker:My wife already moved out and divorce probably will take few month, I guess I still love her
supporter:Oh! so than i think you need to move on from this
seeker:ok, thank you very much for you help and assistance. Will try yoga today
supporter:Try do relaxing thing that make you come out from this
supporter:Thanks that you share your problem with me
seeker:Thanks gain.
supporter:Your welcome 

seeker:I'm in depression because recently i lost my job
seeker:I'm very worried about this crises situation. How i can get new job
supporter:you lost your Job
seeker:Yes recently 
supporter:i am soo sorry to hear that
seeker:Its very difficult time for me
supporter:I lost mine too due to covid 
supporter:trust me i can feel your pain
seeker:Oh! that's very sad
seeker:Thanks for feeling my pain
supporter:what effort have you made in regards to searching for new job?
seeker:Its very depression situation because of Covid lock down
seeker:I'm taking new courses to get new job
seeker:but market situation is very difficult 
supporter:taking new course is a good idea
seeker:Yes but lets see it will help me to get new job or not
supporter:yea, market is very bad and difficult right now but if i can get a job just last month then you can get one too
supporter:yea, market is very bad and difficult right now but if i can get a job just last month then you can get one too
seeker:Thanks for your support
supporter:if the course is in relation to the kind of job you wand then go ahead. that is a good thing to do
seeker:lets see how long is going this crises situation
seeker:I try to continue to take these course but its difficult to manage this situation
supporter:Hello, are you still there
seeker:yes
seeker:I'm just thinking about how i can get new job
seeker:Are you there?
supporter: you should check for job vacancies in your state, and also let your friends be aware because you don't know where the connection might comes from
seeker:Thanks for your support bye 

seeker:Hi, I have a bit of anxiety as a college student learning during the pandemic. I'm nervous about applying for grad schools.
supporter:Hello, how are you?
seeker:Hi! I'm doing ok, how about you?
seeker:Are you still there?
supporter:I'm good, thanks for asking.  Why are you worried about applying for grad schools?
supporter:Yes i am here.
seeker:It has been difficult to stay focused in classes this last year with distance learning and just dealing with anxiety and loneliness. My grades suffered a little.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have any friends or family you talk to?
seeker:Not really, I live with my older sister and she's an essential worker, so I don't want to trouble her.
supporter:Maybe you can try and talk to her, your sister probably wants someone to talk to too.
seeker:That makes sense. It's just that times are tough right now for everyone. Not sure what to do about the grad school applications.
seeker:I need some motivation to get started on these applications...
seeker:This is going to be rough haha
seeker:Any tips for writing the personal statement?
supporter:Alright well what is the problem with grad school application.
seeker:Motivation to get started, and just staying on track with completing them
supporter:What is your major?
seeker:I'm apply to public health programs
seeker:Have you applied to grad schools before? Would love some tips!
seeker:You're not very responsive.
supporter:That's great. And some tips i would give you is to thank about  all the benefits of completing the programs
supporter:yes i apologize for the long response.
seeker:Thanks, that will be helpful to decide on the programs I want to apply to
seeker:Are you based in the US?
supporter:You welcome. and yes
seeker:How have you been handling your anxiety during the pandemic?
seeker:I could use some tips!
supporter:some things you can do is try to do the things that makes you happy and stay positive through this time.
seeker:Anything that has worked for you?
supporter:one thing i have done was have a watch party on hulu with friends which was really fun.
seeker:That does sound fun, especially while staying home. Do you chat with your friends on Zoom?
supporter:yes i do chat on zoom, and through social media sites.

supporter:hello
seeker:hi
supporter:can you talk about your feelings at this time
seeker:Currently I am worried to show up to work. We had a staff appreciation Thursday and we all got super drunk in front of our boss, and I am honestly scared he will judge me or fire me.
supporter:that's really hard, have you spoken to any of your coworkers
seeker:Yes, we are all laughing at the matter, but you can tell our boss is looking at us different. We all showed up to work Friday hungover, and he just made lots of comments and jokes to play the part, but you can tell he is looking at me and everyone different. I do not know how to redeem myself.
supporter:I would recommend speaking with him privately about the issue one on one
seeker:That sounds a lot easier said than done. I was the one who was the most drunk. But I do now know if he knows how drunk we all got since he left after one of us got hit in the face with a golf club and had to take her to the ER. So what if I say too much and apologize for what he does not know.
supporter:have you tried reaching out a company hotline or maybe an hr department in your company to speak about this issue anonymously this could help with the tension between you and your boss 
seeker:He is the doctor of the office and the 2 office managers were pretty drunk too. It was a hot mess if I have to be honest and being an office full of girls I feel like we went too far. I for one feel embarrassed, and feel like just not saying anything and it will fade away. But I know the next few weeks will be a little hard, for all of us. This one is for the books, and something I have never encountered in my 10 years of working. 
supporter:I see how you feel do you think letting it fade is the best option in the long run?
seeker:I think so. Somethings are sometimes better left unsaid. I just feel like avoiding it, but I do not know if anyone else would do the same. What would you do?
supporter:I would apologize for my behavior to the manager if it was me. Just to seem professional and get in my bosses good grace. 
seeker:You have guts. I think I will work on that and build the guts to talk to my boss if I ever have to. Thank you for that. 
supporter:You are doing your best and I think you will make the right decision that works for you
seeker:You are right. In the end I will do the right thing, even if it takes me some time to get there. 
supporter:Is anything else bother you?
seeker:Just that. I think you helped me with the only issue I currently have.
supporter:I am happy to help!
seeker:Thank you!
supporter:you're welcome

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello, how are you doing?
seeker:I’m ok. A little down because I am a bit lonely. I have others around me all the time but they want my attention and don’t ever want to really talk to me or listen to me unless I am solving their problems
seeker:I just wish someone would want to have a conversation about anything besides their own issues. Friends, family, it’s all the same here
seeker:Do you understand what I mean?
supporter:Yes i understand what you mean.
seeker:I’m glad someone does. I try to speak up but get no where
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that.
supporter:Is there anything i can help you with? To make you feel better?
seeker:It is annoying and sometimes I get really down about it.  I just want someone to talk to....I just want to know that someone will listen once in a while. I’m honestly not that needy but everyone needs to know that someone will listen at some point
seeker:I am appreciative of the fact that you are taking time to hear what I have to say
seeker:I wonder what I should do sometimes.  I try to tell friends and family that I cannot always be the problem solver, I try to make them see that I deserve a chance to ask advice, to just vent, or to just have a light talk about the weather or a party or something.  They don’t seem to hear me.  One friend said she thought I was blowing it out of proportion. But that’s the way I feel
seeker:What approach would you take if you were me?
supporter:Yes, everyone needs someone to talk to.I think you deserve people who will be there for you when you need them to, and not only just take take and not give anything..
seeker:How do I get through to these people or do I need new friends?? Lol
seeker:Because sometimes I think a new friend group isn’t a bad idea....
supporter:This is probably hard to hear but you need someone you can count on, I think it would be a good idea for you to get new friends that would be their for you and wont take you for granted.
seeker:I think it is hard to do that but maybe I should seek out a few new people to be around, some more give and take would be really nice.  Not sure how I will do this though...
supporter:Do you go out to any public places?
seeker:I’m raising my grandchild. Maybe in a group of others in a situation like mine I’d be able to find what I am looking for?
seeker:Well, with COVID and my one medication causing a low white blood cell count I cannot go out very much..
seeker:Once I can go out more I am sure it would be easier
supporter:Yes that work, and yes i know its a bit risky, maybe you can try joining any online groups of people that have things in common with you.
seeker:That’s a great idea. I think I will seek out some online groups for support and some where I have similar interests like a book group or something. That’s a great way to start!
seeker:I’m actually a little excited to give this a try!
supporter:Yes book clubs are great.
seeker:I love to read so I think it would be fun too
seeker:You’ve been very a very kind listener...thank you for that!
seeker:Do you think it will be easy to find online groups?
supporter:yes i do think its  easy to find online groups, and the people are really nice to. I have tried it.
seeker:Awesome!!
seeker:Thank you again!  I actually feel a good bit better because you took the time to listen!
supporter:I think you will enjoy it, and you are welcome. 
seeker:I’m going to have to leave now...I hope you have a wonderful night/day!!  Thanks for everything!
supporter:Thank you, you are welcome. Enjoy your day

supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling right now?
seeker:I am feeling a high level of anxiety.
supporter:I am really sorry to hear that - I've been there too. Can you tell me more?
seeker:My car had some issues recently and the mechanic bill is adding up and getting bigger and bigger. I am not sure how I am going to pay for it all.
supporter:That sucks. Has the pandemic been making your financial situation worse?
seeker:Yes. My wife lost her job due to it and it has put a larger burden on us financially.
supporter:There is government help available for people who are financially suffering I believe - have you looked into this?
seeker:Yes, unfortunately I make too much money to qualify with my job. It still is a huge burden not having the income we depend on from my wife.
supporter:I am really sorry. Is she able to get any other sort of work, even if it's less well paid?
seeker:We're trying. She has a few interviews set up next week.
supporter:Do you have any friends or family who might be able to help?
seeker:No. We just moved to a new city in the past year so we don't know many people.
supporter:That is a dilemma. What sort of field did your wife work in?
seeker:administrative work.
supporter:Has she considered temping? I did that when I was between permanent jobs and it was quite good. 
seeker:No we haven't yet. That's actually a pretty good idea.
supporter:It's not as well paid but you can choose your own hours. There's also online gig work out there too 
seeker:Anything would help at this point. We also have a three year old to care for.
supporter:Have you considered going to a food bank? They can be very useful 
seeker:We feel bad going to food banks. I make enough money to pay the bills and I know there are others out there in more need. It's just when the unexpected happens it makes things really tight and difficult. We have used up all our savings during the pandemic and I rely on my car to get to and from work.
supporter:You should not feel bad. Have you not donated to food banks yourself when times were better? I used a food bank in a crisis time and now I give back whenever I go shopping
seeker:Thanks for the reminder. We have donated to several places in the past. I appreciate the kind words.
supporter:Everyone needs help sometimes :) And you can pass it forward when things are better for you. On that note I suppose I had better go but I was glad to speak with you! 
seeker:Likewise! Thanks again, I really appreciate your time. :]
supporter:goodbye and good luck :) 
supporter:Can you press quit and take the survey? It has to be done by your first :) 

supporter:Hello! How are you doing today? 
supporter:Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about?
seeker:Hello. I'm ok. How are you?
supporter:I am fine .. I am here to listen to your problems. 
seeker:Thank you. I am having problems with people making fun of my appearance. Why are people so mean?
supporter:I do not know - there are a lot of nasty people out there. Have you tried confronting people who are bullying you and asking them why?
seeker:Well, with covid, it's even harder to go talk to people. So, I don't think that's a good idea. I don't have a lot of money, so I can't buy fancy clothes. I don't think I can fix it.
supporter:You do not have to buy fancy clothes for the sake of other people! Maybe you could get some counselling to work on your self esteem though?
seeker:I see a counselor regularly. The sessions are virtual. I do wish there were some ways to figure out how to make the clothes I have look better or match better, be more organized with my wardrobe. I have a lot of problems with too many clothes that don't look good on me.
supporter:Have you tried shopping in second hand stores? You can often get some nice stuff there for cheap. 
supporter:But really I think that the problem is your self esteem, not what you are wearing. 
seeker:Yes! I love second hand stores! So I should not care so much what they say about me?
supporter:Right! To be honest I suspect that it's far more their problem than it is yours. 
seeker:I agree. Those women were not even in shape. They had makeup, hair done, etc., but they were not nice women. Maybe they are just taking their problems and insecurities out on me.
supporter:Yes I think that they were. I have had issues like this myself in the past and I know how much it hurts and how hard it is to overcome it.
seeker:Yes. It does hurt. I want to get better at picking clothes that make me happy. A lot of my clothes are baggy. Maybe I could learn to sew and alter them.
supporter:I went through a phase of wearing only baggy clothes because I thought i was overweight. Looking back I was not but I thought I was. 
supporter:Anyway I hope I have been able to make you feel a little better! All the best for the future. 
seeker:I have had that same exact problem! When I wear clothes that fit nicely, I do get complements. I think I will go through my wardrobe and find the best clothes I have and wear those. 
seeker:Yes. It has been nice to talk to someone who has been through some of the same things.
supporter:That sounds like a great suggestion - good luck with it :) 
seeker:Thank you. I hope you have a nice evening too!
supporter::) Can you press quit first? I am not able to :( 
seeker:Ok. lol. Thanks! Bye!
supporter:bye!

supporter:Hi there how are you doing today? 
seeker:I'm good thank you, how about you?
supporter:I am okay thanks. Is there anything you'd like to talk to me about right now? 
seeker:Yes, I don't know what to do anymore, I'm just lazy on everything. I don't have any motivation anymore
supporter:It sounds to me like you are suffering from depression. That sounds scary but it really is common. Would you consider professional help?
seeker:I don't know, I don't even talk to my family anymore, I'm just at my room watching and playing all the time.
supporter:That definitely does sound like depression to me. I have been there myself and I promise you that there is help available.
seeker:I do still to my friends though through voice call, that's the only thing I've been doing lately play games with them
seeker:still talk*
supporter:I guess that the pandemic has not helped at all with things?
seeker:yeah the pandemic too affected me but this was going on before the pandemic
supporter:Can't have improved the situation though. Do you know that there are many free counselling services out there that you could utilise?
seeker:I know but I don't have the courage to do so, I'm kind of shy, really shy.
supporter:I hear you - I found it very difficult to go to counselling too but when I did I found it very helpful.
seeker:I know I should seek help, but I don't have the guts, what should I do to have the will to do it?
supporter:I do not have any easy suggestions. It took me a good deal of time to be brave enough too. But you can ask yourself - can't things only get better?
supporter:Or even if they don't, you don't really have anything to lose :) 
seeker:I know, I should set aside my pride and seek help, I hope I muster the courage to do it
supporter:I hope you can too :). I wish you all the best in the future
supporter:(can you press quit first - I can't do it from my end :))
seeker:Okay, thank you for your time, I really appreciate it ;)
supporter:You too and best wishes! 
seeker:Have a good day
seeker:likewise
supporter:you just need to press quit and take the survey :) 

supporter:Hi there, how is life treating you today? 
seeker:Hey. I'm doing fine. I guess really stressed. 
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that. What are you feeling stressed about specifically?
seeker:My parents are kinda putting a lot of pressure on me to continue my education. I already got my bachelors, and I'm ok with getting my masters. But I really don't know if I want to get my Doctorate.  
seeker:I'm in a major that I kind of like. I'm not ambitious about. 
supporter:If your heart is not in it then it does not seem worth taking the extra three (at least) years. Do you have a profession you want to go into? 
seeker:I honestly don't know what I want to do in life. I don't really know anymore what I actually like. My parents really pressured me to choose what they thought is best ever since I was young. 
seeker:It's really hard to make delicious on my own now when someone has been telling you something all thought your years. 
supporter:I hear you :( I've been through that too. It can be hard to break away and stand against such a thing. 
seeker:I'm sorry you felt the same way. It sucks :/ I feel a lot of pressure to please them, and I'm scared to voice my opinion.
seeker:because whenever I try to talk to them, they always shun me down saying I don't know any better.
supporter:It sounds to me like it might be better for you to get away from them and form your own career and life. 
supporter:Yes it is very difficult to standing up for yourself if you're being emotionally bullied. 
seeker:I am actually very far away from them! ( a different county to be exact). But I skype with them regularly. Because you know parents miss you.  
supporter:Ah .. that makes it both more complicated and more simple. 
supporter:At the very least you are living independently 
supporter:Do you have financial independence as well? 
seeker:But I still feel like I have to please them and make decisions based on what I say. I guess it's like abuse but it a different context. I always worry that what I do may not please them. 
supporter:Have you tried talking to them about how you feel or do you feel that they would not listen to you? 
seeker:I do. It's kinda complicated because when COVID hit I lost my job and they were supportive saying they would help me out until I got back on my feet. They don't hold that against me, thankfully. 
seeker:I have. Let me explain more
supporter:Okay I am happy to listen :) 
seeker:Thank you : ) I went to therapy for 4 years when I was away from them. 2 months ago I got the courage to talk to them about how I felt. It was to a point where I couldn't function anymore. They listened and said they are sorry. And it was all good for a while until it seems like they went back to the same thing again.  
supporter:It is great that you at least did get up the courage to approach them - that is a brilliant first step. 
seeker:I come from a family who don't have a lot of ambitious in life. Talking about my cousins and aunts. So my parents really focused on my to be the perfect individual. 
supporter:Ah that might help explain things. So they are pinning the hopes of the whole family on you because you are academically successful?
seeker:My dad also regrets not being able to continue his studies because of my grandparents wrong doings. He had to leave school.  
seeker:Academically and musically. IDK other talents I guess. 
supporter:I wonder if you could suggest to your dad that he goes back to school himself rather than living through you?
seeker:Like as a whole human being I should be perfect. 
supporter:I hope I have been able to be of help to you but I am afraid I need to see someone else now. Thank you for talking though and I wish you all the very best in future 
seeker:Ok. Thank you for your time. Have a good one. 
supporter:you too!
supporter:Can you press quit first as it has to be done from your end :) 
seeker:Oh sorry. I thought I just did. 
supporter:it can be temperamental :) 

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hi, how are you doing? 
seeker:I am doing alright. How are you?
supporter:I'm doing ok, thanks for asking. 
supporter:Is there anything that's bothering you? 
seeker:Yes, I broke up with my partner...
supporter:Oh no I'm sorry to hear that. 
supporter:do you want to talk about what happened?
seeker:I am very depressed... cannot go on with my daily life. 
supporter:It sounds like this is really affecting you, that must be hard
supporter:How long were you and your partner together? 
seeker:Yes, it is hard.. we have been together for last 6 months.. 
supporter:I've been through break ups as well where things can seem pointless afterwards. It took me some time but I eventually got through it
supporter:Were you happy in the relationship?
seeker:How did you cope up with the situation?
supporter:I talked to my friends about it a lot, and tried to keep myself occupied with lots of activities
supporter:I also deleted old messages from my partner so I didn't dwell on the past as much
seeker:How does talking to friends help?
supporter:It depends on the situation, but for me I had a lot of unresolved feelings from not getting proper closure, so ranting to my friends about how my partner hurt me helped satisfy that
supporter:Do you have friends you feel comfortable talking to about this? 
seeker:I have couple of close friends I can talk to.. but have not thought about doing so..
supporter:I think it could be helpful, friends can be really supportive 
seeker:Yes, I will give it a try... 
supporter:It's awesome that even though you're feeling so depressed, you're willing to give something a try to help you out of it
seeker:Any other suggestion you might have?
supporter:Getting involved in a new hobby, or something you used to enjoy, can be helpful
seeker:I don't have any hobby per say.. but I would like to travel new places..
supporter:That sounds like so much fun! 
seeker:I will plan for some travel..
supporter:That sounds like a great idea. I know it's hard now but I think you'll start feeling better soon
seeker:Thanks for you suggestion.. have a good day.
supporter:You too!

supporter:Hello
seeker:hi
supporter:How are you?
seeker:Ive been better. Stressful day.
supporter:Ohh.. sorry to hear that. Would you mind sharing what is going on?
seeker:Long story short, im a recovering alcoholic, 52 days sober, however my mental health has hit me with vengeance and am really struggling day to day. 
supporter:You are getting out of alcoholism and feeling bad about it emotionally, is that right?
seeker:i used alcohol as a self medication. It helped keep bad symtoms of ADHD away. I miss what alcohol used to do for me.
supporter:I understand you pain and frustration. I have very close friend who has ADHD and trying to cope with it. 
seeker:Thankyou for allowing me some of your time.
seeker:I would be so much better if my heart wasnt poorly. I could then be medicated properly. As of now i just have to live with it. Kinda sucks
supporter:Are you seeing any counselor to address your challenge?
seeker:I feel for your friend
supporter:Thank you.. you know you are not alone in such journey...
seeker:yes i have a therapist and currently on a 10 week post detox intensive plan to keep me focused. I have a good support network
supporter:I suggest you keep close touch with the support group and the therapist .. I see you are already in the right path..
seeker:I just wish to live outside my own sideways mind for 5 minutes. I need help with not becoming frustrated and angry with myself. Cant really see a way forward, am i destined to be absent minded for life? i know there must be a way somewhere to live normally
supporter:As you are already engaged with the professionals to help you.. I bet you will get the necessary help. Keep pursing these engagements...
seeker:i will, i will not stop engaging for many years
supporter:I see you have the right attitude.. I strongly believe that you will be successful. 
seeker:Thankyou. Its nice to read that.
supporter:you welcome.. anything else you want to talk about?
seeker:I have plenty but im sure we dont have the time :) As for now its just the one issue above, its a big issue but once somehow if i can rectify it i will have so much to offer society.
seeker:Thankyou for your time.
supporter:You welcome.. have a good day...
seeker:and you.
seeker:bye bye
supporter:Bye

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi there, how are you doing today?
seeker:I doing good.. how are you?
supporter:I am good thanks. What would you like to talk to me about?
seeker:I am going to school and this  semester I am having too much pressure ... could not handle it.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Have you got anyone you can talk to? Maybe take some time off? 
seeker:I cannot take any time off since this is in the middle of the semester. And dropping any class is not an option either. 
supporter:So you feel that you are trapped and yet you are not coping properly?
seeker:I am having too much anxiety and don't know how to deal with it.
supporter:I suggest that you talk to a counsellor.  There should be free services available at your university.
seeker:What kind of advise should I be seeking from the counsellor?
supporter:Well, perhaps they can at least alleviate your anxiety somewhat. Or maybe even get you a sick note to give you a little extra  time to complete your assignment.s
seeker:Do you think that could hurt my grade if I turn them in late?
supporter:No, as long as you have a doctor's letter explaining why. 
seeker:But I am not sick, would the counsellor write note for me under this situation?
supporter:There is more than one way to be sick. You sound as though you are suffering from depression and stress. 
seeker:I guess you are right... I will try to make an appointment with the counselor next week.
supporter:Do you have any friends or family that you can discuss this with?
seeker:I have an elder sister I can talk to.
supporter:Is she sympathetic to what you are feelign? 
seeker: I think so..
supporter:Well that is a good start. Maybe you could make a list of things you want to discuss with your counsellor too. 
seeker:I like the idea .. thanks..
supporter:Try not to worry - I hope that things go well with you. 
seeker:I hope so.. thank you for you suggestion.
supporter:All the best to you in your future and thank you for talking! 
supporter:You have to press quit first cos I can't :) 
seeker:You have a good day...
supporter:and you :) 
supporter:Can you press quit and take the survey :) 

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi, how are you doing? 
seeker:I am doing fine. How are you?
supporter:I'm doing alright. Is there anything bothering you? 
seeker:Yes..  I recently broke up with my partner
supporter:Oh no, that must be hard. 
supporter:I've definitely been there before, it can really hurt. 
seeker:I am extremely depressed after that..
supporter:That makes sense. How long were you guys together? 
seeker:We have been together for last 2 years.
supporter:Oh wow, two years is a long time
seeker:Yes.. we had out ups and downs during the time.. 
supporter:It sounds like it might not have been the most healthy relationship while it was going on, but it can still really hurt when something like that ends. 
supporter:I went through something similar with an unhealthy relationship that needed to end, but it still hurt for a long time after
seeker:I did not see this was coming.. happened all on a sudden.. 
supporter:Oh no, being taken by surprise like that can't be pleasant at all. 
seeker:No it was not.. now I am in depression and don't know how to get out of it.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have friends you can talk to? Spending time with friends can be a good distraction, and give you people to rant to who know you best. 
seeker:I cannot think of anyone I can share my feeling with... 
supporter:It sounds like you're feeling pretty alone right now
seeker:Yes, I am..
supporter:You could take the opportunity to try and take up a new hobby. I know it sounds dumb, but finding something to put your energy into could really help
seeker:I am into playing musical instruments.. you think I should pick that up again?
supporter:That sounds like a great idea! That's an awesome skill and sounds like it would be fun to get back into. 
supporter:What instruments do you play?
seeker:I play flute.. I guess I will start it again.. thanks for the suggestion.
supporter:Yeah no problem! 
supporter:I know it's tough now, but I think after some time you'll start feeling better. 
seeker:I hope so.. I feel better talking to you.. thanks again..
supporter:It was great talking to you too :)
seeker:Have a good day..
supporter:You too!

seeker:Hi, how are you?
supporter:Hello there, how are you doing today?
seeker:I'm ok. To be honest, I'm a therapist and I'm getting burned out on the job.
supporter:I hear you .. it can be very difficult dealing with other peoples' problems all day. Would you consider retraining for something else?
seeker:Maybe. I'm not really young anymore. The thought of going through more school...well, I dunno about that.
supporter:True. So you feel you're stuck in a rut - you're not happy but you don't feel unhappy enough to move on?
seeker:I just feel like I'm in limbo. Just there. People complain all day about their problem. I have a therapist, but I think my therapist is burnt out too.
supporter:It's a vicious cycle isn't it!? What about looking for another profession that does not involve much retraining?
seeker:I'm too young to retire but I don't know how many more years I can slog on with this career. It used to be pretty good. Now, it just seems the same gray job every day.
supporter:Are you in a financial position where you could take some time off, go travelling perhaps, and renew yourself?
seeker:I've thought about that. I'd love to travel. I feel an obligation to my patients. I don't want to abandon them. I could pass them to other therapists, maybe temporarily. I don't know how they would feel about that.
supporter:Well, I would hope that they would understand that even therapists have to have a private life. And I am sure they'd prefer you at the peak of your game and not burned out. 
seeker:True. They might wonder how committed I am to them and to the profession if I go away for a while. I've thought about lightening my work load too.
supporter:Yes perhaps you could switch to part time? If you could afford it? 
seeker:Money not really the issue. I just worry that I'll keep burning out, just more slowly. Other therapists go through this as well. 
supporter:Somewhere at the top of the chain there must a very weary therapist with no-one to talk to. Though I suppose that is where these bots come in :D 
seeker:Yeah. One day I'll be replaced by a computer. Then the computers will provide therapy to other computers, who'll need a vacation when they burn out. 
seeker:seriously though, I guess I could try part-time for a while and see how it goes. 
supporter:lol. It's an interesting mental picture. I am glad you still have a sense of humour though
supporter:Yeah - try  and take up a new hobby with the extra time, maybe? 
seeker:Try to. Humor is a defense mechanism and coping mechanism. I have hobbies. They seem less fun because my job is less fun.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. On another note, have you considered speakign to your GP? Perhaps medication might help.
seeker:My therapist recommended medication too, but I worry that it might impair my ability to do my job. 
supporter:I have tried medication and I found it surprisingly helpful but everyone is different of course. There was no impairment though. 
seeker:Ok. That's good to know. I want to be responsible to my patients, but I also have a responsibility to myself. 
supporter:Yes  you do! Thank you for talking and you take care of yourself! 
seeker:Thanks for your advice and honesty. I feel better now.
supporter:I am glad to hear it :) Goodbye!

supporter:Hi.  How are you?
seeker:Hi, I feel really sad.
supporter:I am sorry.  What is going on?
seeker:My friends won't hang out with me. I am alone all the time.
supporter:So you feel like they don't want to be around you and have nobody to talk to?
seeker:Yes, but also just no one to hang out with. I am a loner.
supporter:You prefer it that way?  
seeker:No. I want to hang out with people. 
supporter:I follow you.  It is hard to see people outside of usual social circles right now with the pandemic going on.  Out of curiosity tell me what you like doing with others?
seeker:I like to talk with them, listen to their stories, just hang out have a good time. 
supporter:I can understand that. I have not seem my own friends for almost a year because of COVID-19.  It felt isolated and lonely. 
seeker:What do you do to feel better?
supporter:It has not been easy but I focused on myself.  I started doing more exercise and weight lifting.  I took up learning how to invest money, and I also got into the habit of reading. Basically I build myself up in body, wallet, and mind so I feel better about myself progressively.   It worked well for me at least.  What do you think might help you?
seeker:That all sounds great. I think I'll need to do more exercising. I do like reading so I'll do that too.
seeker:Thank you for the suggestions! I appreciate it. 
supporter:What would you say might be good exercise or reading goals for you?  
seeker:I think just start doing them and continue doing them are good goals for me for now.
seeker:Thank you! I feel better!
supporter:Whatever works for you. All the best and stay safe. 
seeker:All the best to you too!
seeker:Good bye.
supporter:Bye

supporter:Hello how are you feeling today?
seeker:not so well
seeker:what about you
supporter:I'm fine.  I'm so sorry that you're not feeling well, but I'm here to help.  Could you tell me what's going on?
seeker:my love is broken up
seeker:she left me alonr
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that.  Everyone goes through break ups like that at some point in their life.  I would suggest moving on and focusing on yourself for a bit.
seeker:but how could I, we are in a relationship for 4 years
seeker:suddenly she left me
supporter:I understand it's difficult when you were in a relationship for so long.  But it's not going to do you any good to cling on to the past.  What was her reason for leaving you?
seeker:she is engaged to a richman
seeker:and they prepared to get married soon
seeker:i dont have any idea for what to do
supporter:That's even a better reason for you to just forget about her, with her cheating on you like that, you know she's not the type for you.  You're so much better than her.  So just focus on yourself.  If you need some help emotionally, find yourself a counselor to talk to.
seeker:I tried to forget her, but whenever i tried the memories are repeating again and again
seeker:which sometimes makes me mad
supporter:Just try to focus on your hobbies, and hang out with your close friends.  Keep yourself occupied on other things so you wouldn't have to think about her.  Just think that you're lucky that it ended now, and it would've been worse if you found out about the cheating even later.
seeker:whenever i try to share my feelings with my friends, they are making fun on me
seeker:and irritates me so much
supporter:Awww maybe try to share you feelings with your family then
seeker:but its not easy to me tell it to my family members
supporter:I see.  Over time you'll definitely be able to get over it.  There are so many other women out there that are better than her.  She may have been the perfect woman for you at one point but you really should come to terms that she isn't the one for you anymore.
seeker:I will try to think like that
seeker:is that really works
supporter:Yes just focus on positivity, doing fun things.  
seeker:I will try my level best
supporter:Okay that's good.  I can tell that you're making too big of a deal of the situation.  You can think about the good times you've had with her, but that's in the past now so you should be focused on the future instead.
seeker:thankyou
seeker:i try to do this
supporter:I'm happy to provide you advice.  If you need advice in the future, you could always find a counselor for you.  I hope you are feeling a bit better.
seeker:o think so

supporter:Hi.  How are you?
seeker:Hi, I'm sad
seeker:How are you?
supporter:I am ok.  Been a busy day.  More importantly your upset; what is going on?
seeker:Good for you. My friend died few years ago. And it's so difficult for me
seeker:She was close to me
supporter:You mentioned that she died a while back.  Has something stirred up the sadness recently?
seeker:because it's close to her death
supporter:Oh.  The anniversary.   You made it clear you were close to her. Tell me about her.  What was she like? What did she mean to you?
seeker:She was my good friend. Always take caring of me and I the same way. We lived close to each other so we always hang out
supporter:She gave you a lot of meaning and filled your time fondly.  I am taking it that after she passed you probably felt empty and lately it has been getting worse?
seeker:Yes, it's true. It had happened with me
seeker:she was like my sister
supporter:I can understand that.  My best friend died a few years ago and he was like my brother.  Still does feel empty not having him around.  
seeker:Yes, one day she was there with me and the next day she wasn't. It's so hard for anyone
seeker:I know that time it's the only way to move on
seeker:however it's so difficult for me
supporter:I take it that the loss was sudden and it was a shock to your system.    So how have you been managing the sadness and grief since it happened?
seeker:I try going out with my family and friend. Avoiding things that we used to do together
seeker:trying little by little
supporter:It sounds like your family is being supportive of you and you have a network.  It seems to me that you really put a great deal of mental energy and fortitude into taking care of yourself. Is there anything else that could help you get thru this rough patch you can think of? 
seeker:I don't know. Do you have any ideas?
supporter:I can think of a few.  Physical activity even walking really helps people who are feeling down.  But it does not work for everyone.  I also know there are grief support groups but I do not know if they are open with the pandemic and everything.  I also know that there are a lot of mental health services available for professional counselling if things are too much.  I also heard that having things to do to fill your schedule helps like work or small projects to fill the day up.  What do you think would work best for you?
seeker:Probably will be difficult to find one now. I'll try fill my schedule so I always have something to do.
seeker:And my mind won't be thinking so much of my friend
supporter:What things to you like to do that would benefit you to fill your schedule?
seeker:Exercise, watching, a movie, play games,
supporter:So you have a toolbox of things you can do to stay busy to get you through this.  You seem to have solved this problem for yourself. That is a strength right there. 
seeker:Yes, I think so
seeker:Thank you
seeker:You helped me a lot
supporter:Anytime.  Stay safe and live well.  -KJ the nurse
seeker:Thank you. bye

supporter:How are you today?
seeker:not really well
seeker:how about you
supporter:What's wrong? How can I help you?
supporter:I'm doing pretty well.
seeker:i lost my job last week
seeker:that really shatters me
supporter:That’s a tough situation. I feel for you. Losing a job is hard, but now, with the pandemic, it's especially hard.
supporter:Do you live by yourself? Is there someone you can talk to?
seeker:yes the worst situation i met in this year.
supporter:I hear you. This is tough! It is important to be around other people. Don't isolate yourself. 
seeker:yes i have someone but they are not ready to talk with me
supporter:That's too bad. Is there another person, a family member? By the way, how long had you worked at the job?
seeker:I know it, but people aroud me are angry because i lost my job
supporter:That's unfair of them. You don't need to discuss the problem. Just chatting with someone can change your mood. 
seeker:i worked for six years and 4 monts
seeker:yeah thats why im here
supporter:Six years...That's a long time. I bet you were good at your job.
supporter:I want to help you.
seeker:yes i am, but the compay lay off me to reduce their expences
seeker:and thats my worst time
supporter:The economy really has gotten bad. Many people are in a similar situation. I worry too that I might lose my job. 
seeker:dont think like that, it is very hard in that situation
supporter:Many people are angry with you. Have they tried to help you with the job search? Do you want to reach out to them for that?
seeker:try to stay in your job whatever may happen
supporter:I try to stay positive. I talk to people. I think about after the pandemic and how things will be. 
seeker:I ask them to do so, but they don't give any informaton back
supporter:Hmm. That's not supportive. Is there an agency in your city that can help you get that kind of info?
seeker:yes, there is one i know
seeker:but it is closed because of the pandemic
supporter:That's too bad. Normally I would send them an email, see if you can schedule an online chat.
supporter:I'm not sure what to do in this case. Have you applied for unemployment?
seeker:yeah i would like to get any othe job
supporter:That might not be possible at the moment. Work is scarce. I've looked for extra online work, but so many people are trying to get the same work!
seeker:no i did not apllied it
supporter:That's the next thing for you to do. You might get cash coming in. It will help you stay optimistic.
seeker:i see, i will try to apply for it
supporter:Great! I hope that this chat has been helpful.
seeker:yes i think so
seeker:thankyou very muck
seeker:much
supporter:You're quite welcome! Best of luck with the job search!
seeker:thank you
seeker:i hope i will get a better obe
seeker:one
supporter:I hope so too.
seeker:thank you
supporter:By the way, you need to press the submit button on your end.
seeker:oh sorry i forgot
seeker:for some doubt, are you not able to subit it by your side
supporter:No. The supporter cannot submit. The two buttons to the right of the text box should have an option for you. 
seeker:ok, ill get it

supporter:Hi there!! How can I help today?
seeker:hey too. Have got a mental problem need your support if you don`t mind
supporter:Of course, would be glad to support
supporter:What's on your mind?
seeker:Well, i was laid off from work during the Covid-19 period mid-last year (June) at a time when i was financially down. this was the start of my woes. Really need support since i have had rough time recollecting myself
supporter:I see, so sorry to hear that... How are you feeling due to that?
seeker:I feel so anxious since i am not able to  meet most of my family needs as i used to before covid
supporter:Ah I understand, is there any temporary financial support available for you and your family?
supporter:If I may suggest this, you can look into programs that help re-employ or support laid off workers in your country.
seeker:Currently i have no support apart from the meagre earnings of my wife
seeker:I have looked into it, applied but have not been fortunate to get one yet
supporter:I completely understand, I would also feel anxious if I were in this situation. It's an honorable thing that you've taken the initiative and are working hard to support your family.
seeker:Sure. I really need your support on how to manage the anxiety because despite constant reassurance from my wife, i still feel i am letting down my family as a man 
supporter:If it makes you feel any better, there are a bunch of workshops that offer support, what little it may be. I'm not sure what country you are in, but I've seen some small organizations that give away grocery vouchers for those in need. Perhaps you could narrow your search to find those as well, if you haven't already
supporter:Alright, you might want to start by taking deep breaths, and remember that this will not be the end of it all
supporter:Your wife's reassurance is very valid, and I'm sure she doesn't blame you. 
supporter:Getting laid off is no fault of your own, and at the least, your wife is still working, so you have a bit of time until things start to spiral
seeker:Wow, that is awesome. You mean deep breaths do help?
seeker:How often do i need the breaths?
supporter:Of course, breathing is the body's most calming function, you dont need a set amount of breaths, but take the time to be aware of the action and the stillness around you
supporter:It would help more than you think it will
supporter:In this time that you have, I think it would be nice to take the time you have with your family and enjoy it
seeker:I actually feel the support from my wife for which i am grateful but then my children are young to understand it all. I used to do a lot for them and constantly tell me to do the same but am unable cause it needs money
seeker:It is quite unfortunate that in my family we are used to finding joy as a family outside the home setting which requires spending and this we are not able to meet it often times as we have had to reduce spending
seeker:Apart from deep breaths, what other ways can i use to manage my anxiety?
supporter:Spending time actively playing with your kids would help, along with morning exercise (but nothing too strenuous) if you choose to do so
supporter:if you enjoy reading, I suggest taking the time to find a book that you used to enjoy and give it another read
supporter:it will remind you of a time when you were in a good place, and hopefully project that feeling back to you
seeker:Wow, am amazed! You mean anxiety can be managed so simply?
seeker:Wanna give it a try
supporter:I hope you do, positive attitude is the start to a healthy mind. This may not work for everything and the anxiety won't just disappear on day one or maybe ever, but these are steps you would want to start with :)
supporter:Coping with anxiety is what you make of it, remember to not beat yourself up about things you ultimately cannot control.
seeker:sure. Let me adjust my attitude first and accept the situation. Hoping t cope with the situation in due course
seeker:Much grateful for the support
supporter:exactly: "maintain a hopeful outlook and visualize what you want rather than what you fear" I really hope I was able to help even if it was a little bit
seeker:That wasn`t little. It was much and am gonna try it out.
supporter:I'm really glad :) and I hope it works out!
supporter:best of luck, and please take care of yourself
seeker:Sure. My hope too. 
seeker:Goodbye
supporter:Bye, have a great day

seeker:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:	I feel really sad all the time. I don't know why.
supporter:hello
supporter:you feel sad, why?
seeker:I'm not sure. I can't find a reason. My health is fine. I have friends. I have a place to live.
supporter:your health is fine and you have place to live but you are still sad
seeker:Yes, that's right. I feel like my life is not going in the right direction. In fact, I'm not going anywhere.
supporter:have you talked to anyone about it 
seeker:No, not really. I don't know what to talk about. I just feel flat. Something's wrong. I don't know what.
supporter:i have felt that way before but i came over it 
seeker:How did you do that? I really need some guidance here. What do I do?
supporter:it came to me like a mood swing for so many days but i started going to meet friends and get closer to my friends for positive vibes
seeker:You met with your friends? I've tried meeting with my friends. I feel ok when I'm with them, but then later, I feel sad again.
seeker:I can't spend all my time with my friends, of course. They have things to do. So do I.
supporter:yes, you have to be positive at all time and always do something that makes you happy
seeker:I'm trying to be positive. It doesn't seem to work. I don't know how to change my mood without chemicals.
supporter:have you try yoga or meditating as a therapy 
seeker:No, I haven't tried yoga. I thought it was for women. Therapy? You mean like a shrink?
supporter:yoga is not only for women, and yes therapy like a shrink but you don't have to talk to anybody if you do yoga or meditating 
seeker:Oh, meditating by myself? I would need someone to help me learn. Is yoga expensive? I don't have much money.
supporter:yoga is not expensive and meditation doesn't have to be with anyone, you can use YouTube video as your tutor. It has work for soo many people including my self
seeker:Ok. I'll check out YouTube. Do I need special clothes or equipment? Or incense or candles or lotoins or something? I'm just a regular guy.
supporter:yes, you have to be in a bright environment. just on the light
seeker:Ok. I can do that. I bet there is something on YouTube about meditation. I'll give it a try. Thanks for your help!
seeker:Have a great day!
supporter:i hope it work for you
supporter:i hope it work for you

supporter:Hello. How are you?
seeker:Hello,  thank you for signing up to listen to me
seeker:I could be better but thank you for asking
supporter:What's on your mind?
seeker:I am upset about the loss of my best friend's son dying in a car accident
supporter:I'm really sorry to hear that. When did this happen?
seeker:The accident was Thursday February 25th but he held on until Sunday the 28th
seeker:He was only 26 years old
supporter:There's nothing that can prepare you for unexpected tragedies like this. We just have to deal with them as they come.
seeker:I understand what you are saying but that's the problem.  How to deal with such a terrible unexpected loss
seeker:I feel helpless because there is nothing I can do to make her feel better.
supporter:It sounds like you're sticking close to your friend, although it doesn't feel like its helping.
supporter:It's my experience that when someone has experienced a traumatic loss like that, making someone feel better, at least right away, isn't always an option.
supporter:The most important thing you can do for her is just to be there for her and allow her to feel however she needs to feel right now.
seeker:She is inconsolable..... and me also being upset is not helping matters either.  You are exactly right...it's impossible to help.
seeker:That is great advice...thank you
seeker:I really appreciate you taking the time to listen
supporter:Of course. These things are tough to face on your own, so you did the right thing by reaching out.
supporter:I know you want to be there for your friend as much as possible, and I think that will help you to move through grief at the same time, but just be mindful to not overextend yourself too much. You have to be there for yourself too.
seeker:I actually feel a little better.  I will just sit with her and keep her company and be there to listen.  I'm glad I accepted this survey today
seeker:Enjoy the rest of your day and thank you again!
supporter:You too, and best wishes.
seeker:I'm not sure why it will not let me end the task?

seeker:Hi, how are you today?
supporter:I am okay. What is going on with you? 
seeker:School's going badly. I really wish I had chosen a different major.
supporter:It sounds like it must be overwhelming to keep up with all of your school work. 
seeker:I’m majoring in computer engineering. It’s really #%$& hard! Everyone else is way smarter than I am.
supporter:That does sound very difficult, but I think you can do it! Just getting into a program like that shows how smart you are!
seeker:It's kinda late to switch. I'm at the end of my third year. My parents keep bugging me about getting a job.
supporter:To be honest with you, I switched majors a lot in college. I eventually let go of what my family thought and pursued a career I would truly enjoy for myself. 
seeker:I wish I were in your shoes! If I change majors now, I have to redo at least a year of school, maybe more. I don't think my parents want to pay for that.
supporter:Personally I took three years longer than it should to get my degree and accrued some debt because of it. Although I feel it is worth it now.  
seeker:That's good to know. Maybe I can convince my parents to let me borrow some money. I don't want to be a computer engineer. 
supporter:I'm hearing its difficult for you knowing that you are on a path that you don't really want to be on. 
seeker:That's a good way to put it. 
seeker:I've thought a lot about my options.
seeker:I've thought about take a leave of absence, switching majors, going to trade school, traveling abroad...
supporter:A lot of people I know benefited from talking to an advisor or counselor for some direction. Have you done that recently?
seeker:I talked to the school counselor. They laid out some options. It's really about money and time. If those weren't concerns, I would switch in a heartbeat.
supporter:What about meeting with the counselor with your parents, since it seems they would need to support you financially over any extra time it might take? 
seeker:That's a good point. Maybe we could have a Zoom meeting, even for just 15 minutes. I need to get my parents to understand my feelings. 
seeker:The counselor might help me with that.
supporter:It's been shown that healthy communication can help people listen and respond more considerately when things seem difficult at first.
seeker:I hadn't thought of it that way. I'm so worried about schoolwork that I hadn't stepped back from the whole situation of school itself.
supporter:I definitely can understand that, but it is important to think about your future happiness and security too! 
seeker:Thanks again for all your help! Your words have been really insightful!

supporter:Hi.  How are you today?
seeker:not bad and you 
supporter:It has been a most interesting week across the board.   Been some challenges and hurdles but that makes life the better.  Tell me any challenges you are facing right now?
seeker:the loss of the of my job has been really difficult, possibilities of losing my home and family is really dire
supporter:So it sounds like you lost your livelihood and your concerned of losing everything you have built.   It seems like you are lost on what to do now. 
seeker:exactly, my confidence is gone so is my self worth and self esteem.
supporter:Wow.  So this was a real punch to the gut for you.  Out of curiosity; what work were you doing and how long were you doing it?  
supporter:Wow.  So this was a real punch to the gut for you.  Out of curiosity; what work were you doing and how long were you doing it?  
supporter:Wow.  So this was a real punch to the gut for you.  Out of curiosity; what work were you doing and how long were you doing it?  
supporter:Sorry about that.  computer glitch
seeker:I used to work in IT and did it for 14 years 
supporter:14 years?  Wow.  That is really impressive.  It is a very difficult field and it take serious talent to work in IT.  Takes real talent and brainpower to work in IT.  
seeker:been doing it long enough for it to be 2nd nature
supporter:So I also take it that not doing it now must feel like you lost part of yourself as well besides the financial risk.  Double whammy.  
seeker:yes it does
supporter:This is a large cross to bear. So what do you think your next steps are going to be?
seeker:I have no idea
supporter:May I throw some ideas out at you?
seeker:please
supporter:It sounds like your really down right now about your job, family, and your home.  It sounds like from what you have mentioned finding work would likely be the best goal to work on right now.  What are your thoughts?
seeker:seems a fair suggestion so getting straight back in the game.
seeker:thanks for the advice
supporter:IT right now is highly marketable line of work.  Given the need for networking and teleconferencing right now you are in demand.  And 14 years experience you probably have a competitive advantage in the job market. What do you think your odds of finding a new job are from 0% to 100% right now?  I'd bet pretty high.  What do you think?
seeker:60% I feel companies want the newer younger versions and its the whole starting from the beginning. but I'll take that advice thanks for your time 

seeker:Hi can you help me with my problem?
supporter:Hello. What's on your mind?
seeker:I'm disgusted with my friend for cheating on her boyfriend. Am I right to feel this way?
supporter:Your feelings are valid, no matter what they are.
supporter:Why do you think you're disgusted with her?
seeker:Because she's not acting the way she should be acting.
seeker:Her boyfriend is a nice guy so he doesn't deserve this treatment
supporter:It sounds like she did something you find really immoral.
supporter:Is their relationship generally pretty good, to your knowledge?
seeker:Yeah, but I'm also thinking it's not my business. I should just stay out of it.
seeker:Well I thought it was good until that happened. He doesn't know. So I just feel gross around them.
supporter:Have you talked to your friend about what she did?
seeker:Yeah, she doesn't really care because she's not going to tell him. I'm questioning whether I should still be friends with her.
supporter:You're definite right to be questioning if this is the sort of person you want to be friends with.
seeker:It's hard to stop thought because we work at the same place. 
seeker:though..
supporter:If her behavior is getting to you like this, I definitely suggest you try to keep some distance from her as much as you can.
seeker:Yeah, I've been trying to, but she's always talking to me
supporter:It might be a good idea to explain why you're upset with her, even though that's likely to upset her.
seeker:I guess, but I'd rather just avoid her.
seeker:I'm thinking if I ignore her then she
seeker:she'll get the hint
supporter:I can definitely understand wanting to avoid a confrontation.
seeker:Yeah, I realize she's quite selfish so confronting her wouldn't help.
supporter:What do you think you can do to minimize your contact with her?
seeker:Just not respond to her messages and avoid the areas she's in
supporter:That sounds like a good plan.
seeker:Is that ghosting?
supporter:What one person calls ghosting, someone else can call looking out for yourself. 
supporter:It sounds like she knows why you're upset with her and would be able to understand why you're choosing not to talk to her.
supporter:If she's not interested in listening to you or thinking about what she's done, then you need to be doing what is best for you in cutting her out.

supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:Not doing so well today, I'm having a really hard time at work. I'm feeling super stressed about the workload I have, I just can't keep up with it all!
supporter:I’m sorry to hear that. Work can be a bad source of stress. Do you have anyone that can help with the workload?
seeker:Not really, there's only me in my role so don't really have anyone to help. I have tried talking to my line manager but she doesn't seem to understand just how busy I am.
supporter:Can the company hire any more people? Maybe they can work from home, and take some work off your plate. The line manager might also need some help with her workload. 
supporter:I understand that budgets can be tight. Maybe someone part-time?
seeker:From what I hear they aren't willing to hire anyone else, but I don't know the reasons why. I can only speak to my line manager and then she speaks to higher management.
supporter:Your manager sounds unsympathetic. That's very frustrating. A lot of people are in your situation in this pandemic: too much work, not enough help.
supporter:Do you want to leave the company? Look for greener pastures?
seeker:I have been keeping an eye out for other jobs, but like you say things are difficult just now with the pandemic, there isn't a lot out there!
supporter:Very true. Have you talked to your co-workers about this issue? What do they think?
seeker:They are all feeling stretched as well so they understand. I am trying to not talk about it too much with them, I don't want to be seen as the person who's always complaining!
supporter:Yeah, that's a good point. A little complaining is ok, but a lot can get on people's nerves. 
supporter:They want to be sympathetic, but after a while, they just get tired of you.
seeker:Yeah, I don't want them all to stop talking to me cause they find me annoying! I'm trying to stay positive, but it's hard some days! As much as I try to start the day in a positive frame of mind it quickly gets sucked out of me!
supporter:What do you do outside of work? Hobbies and such.
seeker:At the moment I'm not getting outside as much as I should, I do enjoy gaming but it's hard to find time. I've been working 14 hour days all week! My boyfriend tries to tell me to switch off but it's hard when I know there's all this work waiting to be done.
supporter:You could try setting aside an evening or two a week for time with your BF. Just walk out of the office. Try to set some boundaries. 
supporter:That might seem dangerous and risky, but sometimes it's important to set boundaries.
supporter:If you don't do that, then the managers can just keep taking advantage of you and your work ethic.
seeker:Yeah, he says the same kind of thing, that I need to be firmer and just leave when I'm due to. I guess the only way for them to truely see is for the work to just not get done as there's no time!
supporter:From what you're saying, it sounds like you think you have no power. Is that true? Are you really powerless in this situation? Do not underestimate your power over your life.
seeker:I guess I do feel powerless, I feel like they never really listen to what I'm saying, they just act as if they are but then ignore me.
supporter:It sounds like the managers are training you to be resigned to your fate. If they listen to you, it encourages you to complain. If they ignore you, you go away and leave them alone. However, if you leave work early (after 9 hours, say), then they might notice you. Are you willing to take a risk?
seeker:Maybe if I start acting more confidently they will start to listen.
seeker:I feel like something needs to happen so maybe it's time to take a risk.
supporter:That's the spirit! Taking control of your own schedule is one display of confidence. 

seeker:Hello, I am feeling very sad because I tested positive for Covid this week. I am in quarantine away from my family.
supporter:sorry to hear about that. So your test results were positive. Did I get it right?
seeker:Yes, I tested positive for the Covid virus on Wednesday.
supporter:It must be hard to stay alone. Are you having fever or any other sever symptoms. Hope there is someone to take care of you for a while at least.
seeker:I'm by myself in my house. My wife took the kids to stay with her father until my quarantine period is over. I have mainly cold symptoms - body aches, stuffy head, sore throat.  Nothing too serious so far.
supporter:I had COVID last month with mild symptoms. Good to know that you don't have any sever symptoms. You will recover fast.
seeker:I hope so. I'm on the older side (not senior citizen yet) with high blood pressure, so I'm a little nervous about how it will affect me.
supporter:I can understand staying alone will be devastating.  Keep monitoring your oxygen level. If  that is normal, you don't have to worry. You can read watch tv or can do video calling to your family. 
seeker:Thanks for the advice.  We're doing a lot of video calls so I can see everyone.  That helps.
supporter:I wish for your fast recovery. Hope this COVID situation end soon somehow. 
seeker:That's what is so frustrating - I feel like a couple more months or so and I'd have the vaccine.  Made it a year, then get infected during the stretch run of this pandemic.
supporter:Very true! It is kind of never ending. There should be some permanent solution for it.
seeker:I don't know if that will ever happen, but if it becomes rare and much less deadly like colds and flu, we should be able to return to a pre-covid life or close to it.
supporter:We can still hope for the best right now. Let's stay positive and fight it.
seeker:I was fighting it, but Covid won this week!
supporter:Think other way. You defeat it and you won.
seeker:I hope so.  I'm only in like the third inning or so right now though.
supporter:You are a strong person. You are almost there to win. Your family is always there with you.
seeker:Thanks for the encouragement.  10 days cannot come fast enough.
supporter:I know but i week has gone so rest will go too. Wishing you fast recovery and take care of yourself.
seeker:Thanks, good luck to you. Nice chatting with you.
supporter:Thank you! It was nice talking to you too. 

supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:I'm doing fine. 	My problem is that my boss keeps hitting on a co-worker, who really doesn't like the guy. What can I do to make it stop?
supporter:Boy, that's a tough one. You've got to handle a problem like that pretty diplomatically. Have you talked to your co-worker, the one the boss hits on?
seeker:I've tried to bring it up with her indirectly, but it's an uncomfortable issue, you know? She is really upset, and I don't know whether it's my place to handle this kind of thing. It's more of an HR issue, but should I go to HR? Will that help, or just get me in trouble? I don't know.
supporter:That's a good question, and I don't know the answer. It depends on your HR department. Have you suggested that the co-worker talk to HR? Is there an anonymous system for filing complaints?
seeker:No, the company hasn't set up a system for passing along info that way. I don't know if she has talked to HR. She might not have because she's worried that it'll get back to her boss, and she'll get punished. I'd like to be supportive, even if I can't help solve the problem.
supporter:That's a good attitude. You want to be supportive and helpful. You sound like a good co-worker. Remember that the problem did not start with you, so you do not need to feel responsible for it.
seeker:Thanks for your words of encouragement? Maybe there is little I can do, but I don't want to let the problem fester. She's a great co-worker and a great worker. We need her on the team. What do you think a good first step would be?
supporter:That's a good question. I would show support for her and empathize with her and her situation. Do you have lunch with her? Can you send her a text letting her know she's valued? She might appreciate that.
seeker:Sometimes we have lunch, but usually she just eats at her desk. I could easily send her texts of encouragement.
supporter:Ok. That's a good first step. I think you have a way forward with this. Maybe after a few texts, you can sit down and talk about solutions in detail, like going to HR.
seeker:Ok. I'll try sending a couple of texts every day. Then I'll see if she wants to have lunch outside with me when the weather gets better. 
supporter:That's a good positive step. I think that you've got a pretty handle on the situation. Good for you! 
seeker:Thanks. The boss is pretty good at his job. He know how to manage projects and he's good with clients. There is just this one thing that he gets wrong and somebody needs to get him to stop.
supporter:I understand that you're frustrated and sad. I would feel the same way too. I think that anyone else in your situation would feel the same way. 
seeker:Thanks. I guess I just have to accept things as they are. I can't afford to leave this job, and it's impossible to find another job at this time. Plus I don't want to abandon my co-worker in her time of need.
supporter:Well, you have to do what is right for yourself. If you find a better job, think seriously about taking it. Your co-worker will not be there forever. You have a responsibility to yourself. 
seeker:True. I hadn't thought of it that way. I should consider my needs. Thanks!
supporter:You're welcome! I'm glad that I was able to help you!
seeker:I feel a lot better now. I start sending text messages to my co-worker on Monday. Thanks! Have a good day!
supporter:You too! Have a great day, and good luck with work!

seeker:I am having a really hard time with something that I did to my boyfriend.
supporter:Do you want to talk about it?
seeker:Yes, thank you! I was with him since childhood and we are actually still together. I slipped up one night and hate to admit what I did.
supporter:It sounds like you're holding onto a lot of guilt about this incident.
supporter:Are you comfortable talking about that night?
seeker:Yes, it is intense guilt. I can't think of anything else. I hate to tell you but I cheated on him. I am so sorry and can't look at myself in the mirror.
supporter:That can really weigh you down, beating yourself up with guilt.
supporter:Does he know about the incident?
seeker:I feel like I am worthless and I don't deserve to ever be happy or laugh again. I really do love him and I don't ever want him to find out what I did. Yes, I cant stop beating myself up. He doesn't know what I did but he is little suspicious. 
supporter:You definitely deserve to laugh and be happy. One mistake doesn't define you!
seeker:Thank you! A long time ago his sister told me that he cheated on me and I believed her and so I wanted to get him back.
supporter:It says a lot about your character that you feel badly about this, that you can see and recognize you acted in a way you don't agree with. That's something to build on.
supporter:That desire to "get even" is definitely understandable.
seeker:I appreciate that and have been thinking about character a lot lately. I do believe he cheated on me first, if that even matters now.
supporter:Do you feel like you got what you needed from the experience, as in, that you've "gotten even"?
seeker:Yes, I feel very even! I won't do it again. Can I ever give up the guilt that I feel and move on in our relationship or do I have to tell him what I did? I have known couples who don't tell each other and they are happy now.
supporter:While it may be true in general that honesty is the best policy, in this case I wouldn't suggest telling him. It is just going to cause angry feelings.
supporter:But, the fact you already believed he cheated on you and it motivated you to do the same shows a basic lack of trust in this relationship. That's something you should really look at.
seeker:Thank you for making me feel heard. I have been alone in my thoughts and needed to be understood. Yes, I agree with you and I feel like I kind of let it go now that I told you about it.
seeker:I am going to be in touch regularly of that's okay? I feel so much better now. I can take a deep breath again and I want to go take a walk with my dog now. Thank you for all of your time and understanding.
supporter:I'm glad you're feeling better now that you've gotten it out in the open. Of course, you are welcome anytime.
seeker:That sounds great because I want to keep this private and I know you won't tell anyone so I feel really safe here. 
supporter:Absolutely. This is all in complete confidence.

supporter:Hello! Hope you are doing well. How may I assist you?
seeker:my recent ex gf gave her daughters drugs while on a video chat with me. While being very dishonest in our relationship, i am devestated about the truth of all of it now that its over. I really loved her. and her kids. we had some great times. I turned her in for giving her kids drugs as thats not okay. 
seeker:today im super sad. i dont have any motivation. I dont want to really be around, and im trapped in my thoughts with everything. i had to move to get away from her stalking me. now im in a new place trying to find a job and get set up here. Its difficult to start over. 
seeker:its a pretty intense situation i admit. 
supporter:You are girlfriend is giving drugs to hew own kids. Did I get it right?
seeker:That is what she did. Among many other things. 
supporter:That is really intense, unacceptable. I am feeling sorry for the poor little girl and you.  It looks like there is something wrong with her. I can understand what you are going through.
seeker:Its a difficult time. I want to do nothing. It feels very bleek right now worrying about finances and getting set up in a new state. 
supporter:It must be hard time for you. You should not worry about her. You should think about your job and the poor girl who is trapped with her.
seeker:her daughters now both live with their dads. so thats taken care of, he kids are safer and better off. I however am devastated that the whole relationship wound up a lie and the whole thing has me really in a bad place mentally. 
supporter:I felt the same way when I broke up with my friend for some pathetic things which she did. The good part is girls are safe now. Give some time to yourself. Time will heal everything.
seeker:Thats a hard light to see at the end of the tunnel when things are bleek. 
seeker:im not sure what else to do. 
seeker:My mind runs away a bit right now, its just all stress ful
supporter:So sorry to hear about that. You should indulge yourself in some activities like yoga or meditation.
supporter:talk to your family and friends and go to them for a while. It will help you and you can come out of it.
seeker:Finding a better job. 
seeker:might be a more productive task. 
supporter:You will get one soon. Keep working on. My best wishes are there with you. Time never stay the same. 
seeker:you dont want to continue to talk
supporter:No, that is not the case. You can talk as much as you want.
seeker:I see. i thought you had left. 
supporter:No I am hear and thinking of you and trying to figure out how can you come out of it.

seeker:Hi, how are you?
supporter:Hi there! I'm great, what about you? How can I help today?
seeker:My girlfriend dumped me for someone else! I've been really shook up. 
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that :( Do you have any idea why?
seeker:I think she just lost interest in me? It happened a couple of months ago. I wish I could get over it. I can't get her off my mind. She's dating this total loser.
supporter:That's tough... so you're saying that you grew apart a little? Or do you think it was more one-sided?
seeker:It probably was more me than her. Maybe I should have done more to show her that I cared for her. Am I not romantic enough? Some guys just aren't that way.
supporter:I completely understand, and I don't think you should beat yourself up over it! 
seeker:That's a fair point. I shouldn't be too hard on myself.  I didn't really grow up in a romantic family. I don't know how to do that stuff, but maybe I could learn.
supporter:Exactly, and remember everyone is different, perhaps you just weren't her right one, and that can go both ways.
supporter:Do you want to improve for her? or for yourself do you think?
seeker:That's true. I really got hung up on her. I thought she was perfect and that we were perfect together. She didn't see it that way. I can't really change who I am, and she couldn't change who she is.
seeker:I don't know if I can change myself for her. Maybe there is something basic that she wants that I just don't have? I should probably change for future relationships. 
supporter:That's a great line of thought, its good that you're able to identify that yourself
seeker:What do you think I could do to improve myself?
supporter:I suggest that you stay exactly the way that you are. I feel like you'd be happier that way and also more likely to find someone who shares the same values as you
supporter:If you change who you are, it sort of means that your ex still has a hold on you, you know?
seeker:Will the same problems show up in the next relationship though? It could be a long search before I find someone that matches with me?
seeker:That's true. But I feel like I should take away something from this experience.
supporter:I guess that depends on you, would you rather compromise for a relationship or find one who'll really last and not have to change?
seeker:I think all relationships require compromise and change. No two people are perfectly compatible. 
seeker:I worry that I have blind spots that I should fix. My ex-GF didn't really specify what the problem was.
supporter:That's true, building on that, you could also say that what your ex found to be the problem is not the be-all end-all. What your ex disliked could be what 10000 other girls love in a guy
seeker:That's true. I might end up trying to solve a problem that really isn't there. It's not a bug, it's a feature! :-)
supporter:Wow, you put that really nicely!
seeker:Thanks! You’ve been really helpful today. I can’t thank you enough for your encouragement and insight.
supporter:It was no problem! Thank you for sharing and talking it out!
seeker:I feel a lot better now. Have a great day! Bye!
supporter:Have a great day :) bye!
seeker:bye!

seeker:I am very sad and depressed because of a recent breakup. How can I ever forget it and move on.
supporter:Oh no. I'm sorry to hear that. What happened?
seeker:I thought everything was great and I already had my wedding dress and we planned a wedding and out of nowhere he dumped me. Now his family won't talk to me either.
supporter:that must be horrible. You were already engaged?
seeker:Yes, we were only engaged for about a month but we have been friends since childhood. 
supporter:that sounds really hard. that's a long time to know someone. 
supporter:how long ago did you breka up?
seeker:Yeah, it was basically my whole life. We broke up two nights ago and he already changed his number and blocked my on social media.
supporter:that's going to be tough for the next little bit, those sound like some pretty fresh wounds. Have you been able to talk to friends?
seeker:I would like to talk to talk to friends but they happen to be his sisters. So, I am cut off from all of my support. Thank You for talking to me.
supporter:I had a break up last year and while it was painful for a bit, i used it as an opportunity to focus on myself and the things I needed. It ended up being a really good self reflective opportunity. Maybe join a gym or a group of some kind to change your network a bit?
seeker:I have been wanting to join the gym. Is it hard going alone or do you go with friends? I hate doing things all alone.
supporter:I like going to the gym alone but that's just my personal preference. There are fitness groups like bootcamps that you could join and meet new people. Who knows, you may meet a new friend.
seeker:That is a good idea. I need to be around other people who have goals like weight loss. My boyfriend never wanted me to join groups and only wanted me to be friends with his family. That is why I am so alone right now. I made bad choices.
supporter:That sounds hard. You deserve to have friends of your own.
seeker:I agree with you. Do you think that I should try calling his friends and asking for his new number? 
supporter:there are lots of different kinds of groups you can join, not just fitness. and you can choose how much you want to actively engage with them. I would suggest taking time for yourself. Maybe give yourself some distance from him. If you both decide to reach out again in the future that may be an opportunity, but definitely take care of you.
seeker:Yeah, I can see your point of view. I have been obsessed with our relationship. We had a fight and it was a verbal war between us and he wouldn't forgive me afterwards.
supporter:sometimes you just need some distance. I hate that old saying but as it goes "there are plenty of fish in the sea". 
seeker:It is true and I am a really nice person and have turned down other guys for him. I am going to stop thinking about him and just join the gym today. You have opened my eyes!
supporter:Good luck! you got this. Have fun with it, it sounds like you have other guys who are after you ;)

supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:It's a pretty day, but I'm sad.  How are you?
supporter:I'm doing well, thank you for asking! Do you mind me asking what's going on that's making you feel sad?
seeker:I don't like being blamed for something when I don't feel I did anything wrong.  A neighbor's dog attacked my dog and another dog within a week and I reported it to our apartment manager and animal control.  She was given the choice to get rid of her dog or move and she decided to move.  But my neighbors are mad at me, because they think I overreacted.  I guess they liked her more.
supporter:It sounds like you feel as though you are being personally attacked/mistreated for something that you feel you handled correctly. Does that summarize what you're feeling?
seeker:Absolutely!  You nailed it!
supporter:I feel as though you absolutely did the right thing! If I were in your shoes, I would have done the exact same thing.
seeker:Thank you!  That makes me feel better!  But, I don't know how to make my neighbors feel that way and I hate being the outcast. 
supporter:I have neighbors who act in similar ways. They act as though they run the entire street, but they rent just like everyone else does here. Dealing with them can be very difficult at times.
seeker:Sounds like we live in the same neighborhood!  Ha!
supporter:Just based on what you're saying, I can completely understand why you feel the way that you do. In my opinion, you have every right to feel that way.
supporter:Haha! It's not fun at all to have neighbors who make you feel as though you're somehow less than them. I know exactly what that feels like.
seeker:Yep!  That's how I feel.  What should I do to get back in good graces with them?
supporter:I do know people who have gone through the exact same thing in the past. When another animal attacks one of your fur-babies, it's absolutely terrible. However, the fact that this woman was given the option to either get rid of her dog or move tells me that you are 100% correct in the way that you handled this situation. It's unfortunate for the woman, yes, but she should have had more control over her dog. It's bad enough when one animal is attacked, but when it's more than one, that's when you really know that it's a problem. Again, legally, she had to make a choice, and that's because she failed to properly secure her dog. I really don't feel as though you did anything wrong.
supporter:If I were you, I would ask to speak with the neighbors who have an issue with you face-to-face. I know it may be difficult, but I think that would be the best way to go about it. Are you on good terms with the other person whose dog was attacked?
seeker:I totally agree with you!  The woman is disabled and I think most of the neighbors feel sorry for her.  I've seen her loose control of the dog before, but she never attacked another dog(s).  I've even seem the dog pull her scooter over and the woman needed lots of help to get back into it.  I think everyone feels sorry for her. 
supporter:That probably has a lot to do with it. I would feel sorry for her too, as it is very sad in general. However, it doesn't excuse the fact that her animal attacked two other dogs.
seeker:I've talked to the neighbors face-to-face and they just think that I overreacted.  The woman started getting her dog and private training and so they feel that she was trying.  My point was that my dog weighs 15 pounds and her dog weighs 45 pounds and, if it happens again, I may not have a dog anymore.  I don't want to wait until a dog is killed or badly injured.  I told them exactly what you just said, but they are being mean!
seeker:I guess I could try talking to them again.  Maybe they've cooled off some.
supporter:That is absolutely terrible. In that case, I would just tell them that you refuse to allow another dog to possible injure or kill your own dog, so you did what was necessary to protect your fur-baby. Had you not done anything, this could have happened again, and the outcome may have been much worse. At that point, if they still don't respond kindly, I'd tell them that you still feel as though you did what needed to be done, that you understand why they are upset, but that you will always do whatever it takes to protect your dog. Hopefully, they will stop being mean. Even if they just stop talking to you completely, it's better than them harassing you or something along those lines. If they do start escalating their nasty behavior, I'd let the manager of your complex know that you're being mistreated. I always try to keep things calm and quiet, but I refuse to be taken advantage of or treated poorly.
supporter:Personally, as I stated previously, I wholeheartedly believe that you did the right thing. If they're unable to see that, I'd try to just avoid contact with them unless it's necessary. I know it stinks and I'd be sad too, but unfortunately, some people just don't know how to let things go and seem to find joy in making other people upset. I'm so sorrry that you're dealing with all of this.
seeker:Thank you so much!  Those are really good suggestions.  I'll do that and, hopefully, they will calm down.  If not, I have other friends that live outside my neighborhood.  And I can talk to the manager like you said.
seeker:I appreciate your help today.  And your validation that I did nothing wrong.  I was beginning to second guess my actions.
supporter:I'm so glad that I was able to offer helpful suggestions! Hang in there. You sound like a strong person! I would definitely spend some time with your true friends who live outside of your neighborhood. I can assure you that if someone else's animal attacked one of mine, I would have done the exact same thing that you did.
seeker:THANK YOU!  Take care!
supporter:You're very welcome! You do the same. Have a wonderful day. Try to do things that make you smile! :)

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi, how are you doing? 
seeker:I am not doing well. I am feeling very depressed due to work load and current household situation
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about it? 
seeker:Yes, due to COVID life is messed up. Work load has increase and more responsibility of household.
supporter:COVID has really changed a lot of stuff. I understand your frustration. Has your work increased because of COVID conditions. Meaning you have to take extra work, or doing tasks that you dislike to do? 
supporter:If you don't feel comfortable elaborating, we can always talk about how you feel and how you can maybe feel a bit better.  
seeker:Due to the furlough Company has increased my my work load three times. I am not able to take rest. Getting depressed everday.
supporter:That sounds really bad. I once worked in a company that placed unnecessary pressure on me, with a low pay. I can relate to how you feel. Do you have to depend on this company for work?  
supporter:Sometimes it's really not worth working somewhere if it's really affecting your mental health. 
seeker:They are paying me well but It is hard to take the load beside I have family and kids responsibility. I don't have time for them.
supporter:I understand. But I want you to think about this. Your mental health is more important right now because it is affecting you. And how you feel really affects those around you, especially the ones who love you. If you take some time to think about what is more important to you in life right now can help you make a decision. 
supporter:Working so hard can be a barrier right now. But you may have a bright future plan ahead. If so, that is something you want to look forward to. 
supporter:I know what you are doing is really helping your family. And I know they really appreciate it, even if they don't say it. 
seeker:I can understand that. But my job is really important right now as my partner lost his in COVID. and he is not doing anything right now not even helping at home. It makes me more low and it is hard to take care of 3  younger kids who are staying at home full time.
supporter:Ok, I understand better now. Thank you for explaining. What you are telling should to be something you need to discuss with your partner. Do both of you communicate well with each other? Maybe he is not aware of your situation or how you feel. 
seeker:Nowadays he is so frustrated doesn't like to talk even. Whenever I bring household responsibilities or kids topic, he gets frustrated. 
supporter:Oh no. I can see from his part he feels upset and frustrated because he may feel useless at the moment. But that's not an excuse to neglect responsibilities. You can maybe make him feel more useful around the house by starting to assign him small tasks. Encouraging him to do stuff and rewarding him with words of encouragement. I know it sounds kind of frustrating to do that, but maybe this small step on your half could also help him.  
supporter:Do you have any family member that are close to you? If your partner isn't helpful, maybe seeking help from family can reduce your housework load. 
seeker:Nobody lives near by. Kids are to young to understand. I felt bit good after talking to you. Thanks
supporter:I'm sorry if this did not help the situation. But I'm always glad to listen if you want to talk more. 
supporter:It's a really tough situation, but you're a really strong individual. You've made it this far : )
seeker:Talking to you made me feel good. Thanks for listening to me. I am feeling light now. You are agreat help. Thank you so much
seeker:Hope all will come back on place soon
supporter:No problem. I really wish you the best and I hope everything works out!
supporter:Crossing my fingers COVID ends soon.
seeker:Hope so. Byee take care

seeker:Hi !
supporter:Hi can I help you today?  I am here to listen.
supporter:Do you have anything happen recently that has you feeling badly?
seeker:I am laid off.
supporter:Oh I am really sorry to hear that, DId you have the same job for a long time? That sounds very difficult to deal with.
seeker:I was attending a customer . He was having a grievance  which I sorted out. But the management did not like that.
seeker:For the past 10 years I have been with this job.
supporter:Thank you for sharing and reaching out for support today. It takes a lot of courage and I commend you for taking the steps to reach out.
supporter:!0 years is a very long time and I would think you have probably learned a lot working at the same place for that long. You're a dedicated employee.
seeker:I was okay with the previous manager. But recently a new young chap joined the duty. He was not experienced .He only is the reason for so.
supporter:That is really unfair and hard to deal with are you close to any famliy?
seeker:I am not in any close to any family related to job.
supporter:Do you have any close friends to talk to about any new job prospects?
seeker:I have few friends, I have been talking to them. They also tell I was not any wrong . For the experience and qualification, I will be getting a better job.
supporter:That is a positive outlook and is good to hear that you know you have skills to offer. Would you consider joining a new group at a church or something like that?
seeker:I am so worried of the management taken action on me relying a new unexperienced manager. 
supporter:I am sorry that you're feeling stress. Have you ever used writing as a tool to relax?
seeker:My colleagues are also in contact with me. They are also having similar inconvenience as to how to perform?
seeker:I have some other relaxation  like listening to music, gardening etc.,
supporter:Oh, wow then you do have a lot of contacts and some support or at least understanding. Music is a great way to relax and that id very positive in your life and current situation.
seeker:I am so confident I will be having a better job within the next few months.
supporter:That is a great outlook. Thank you for sharing today.
seeker:Meantime I try to learn new things to improve myself personally and professionally.
supporter:Thank you for reaching out today amd letting me listen.
seeker:Do you have any suggestion for me? I always believe the third angle.
supporter:I would suggest getting a pet if you are up for it. They can be support animals.
seeker:That is a good idea. But I dont like being close to any animal and letting them inside the house.
supporter:I can understand that feeling. I think maybe fish would be a distraction you may like to.
seeker:I think motivation, self-development, getting more qualified is of my attention nowadays.
supporter:I understand and believe you have a great focus on a career. I am proud of you and your focus ability. 
seeker:Fish tank is a better option. I forgot that. That is why I am more believing in the third angle. Thank you.
supporter:You're welcome I can be available to listen or bounce ideas of off as much as you need.
seeker:Talking to you I feel more relaxed and confident of me. 
supporter:That is the goal and what we strive for. You are welcome.
seeker:Okay. Thank you. Can I take a leave. Thank you for your valuable suggestions. BYE ! !
supporter:Bye, have a wonderful day.

supporter:Hi, how are you doing?
seeker:I am feeling very sad lately. I can't seem to shake it.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like to talk about what is making you sad?
seeker:I was in a long term relationship and he broke up with me. I should have broken up with him for cheating my me but I was in love and think that I still am.
seeker:I feel like my life was a waste. I don't like being alone.
supporter:That sounds terrible. But I understand the feeling. I was in the same situation once. It is hard to move passed that. So your pain is very understandable. 
seeker:You then you know it feels like the world is collapsing around me.
supporter:I agree. It's like there is no more hope. But do you know something? 
supporter:It is ok to feel sad sometimes. 
supporter:You're the stronger one in this position. And you can show how strong you are by moving passed this. 
seeker:Thank you, I know that sounds right. I had my whole life planned out and it was going to end in a long term marriage and now its all gone. 
seeker:I was thinking of getting a pet or something but I don't know if I am worthy.
supporter:This way sound weird, but I tell myself if something is not meant to happen, it would not. If you want to look at a more positive side of this, you can say this was a good thing that happened. 
seeker:I have always wanted a cat or a dog but my boyfriend said I wouldn't be good at raising anything. I can try to change my thinking but its really difficult.
supporter:I know you don't want to hear all these positive words right now. But It will get better. Trust me. 
seeker:I appreciate the support and need to hear positive words. Do you think I need to take a vacation or something?
supporter:It is hard to get passed someone's words, especially after spending so much time with them. How about start with a fish. I have a betta and he is really easy to take care of. But I have the responsibility of attending to his needs. If you can take care of a fish, you surely can take care of a cat or dog!
supporter:I apologize if my typing is slow
supporter:I think maybe a small vacation would help. Or doing something you really enjoy. Is there anything you can think of? 
seeker:I really love that idea and I love fish! I have always wanted an aquarium. I am thankful for your thoughtfulness and not just telling me what I want to hear. 
seeker:I like to go boating but its hard to do alone. I also like to go hiking but its dangerous to go alone.
supporter:I agree. Are you a social person by any chance? By saying that I mean you can still go do those activities, but you can maybe meet people there and ask if you can join their group. That's great in a way because you meet new people and there are no attachments after you leave. It's like a fun, crazy experience :) 
seeker:Thank you for the support that is a good idea because I do like going bowling and I heard about a open social bowling night.
supporter:Oh that's awesome! But just remember don't try to distract yourself from the problem. Try to make peace with it. Because if you don't, you cannot move forward. 
seeker:You have opened to eyes and are making me feel like a weight is being lifted off a little bit. I am going to call the bowl alley and sign up right now. Thank you for the support and ideas that I needed at this critical time in my life.

supporter:Hi, how are you doing today?
seeker:I am doing alright.
seeker:How are you?
supporter:I am good, thanks. Is there an issue I can provide you some support with?
seeker:Yeah I am pretty anxious all the time. I feel that I made a mistake coming back to school to get a PhD.
supporter:So, to reiterate, you are suffering from anxiety due to school? Or is your anxiousness also caused by other life factors as well?
seeker:School is the start of the problem. I know that if I quit I can still be successful elsewhere but I also feel if I quit I will let my wife and kids down who were willing to leave family and friends to follow me to the school I wanted to go to. 
supporter:I understand what you are going through. It is as if you are being pulled in two directions, but are not sure which is the best option at the given moment. I think it is great that you wanted to go back to school, but if your heart is not in it, then it may not be what you should continue pursuing. 
seeker:I know I want this though. I enjoy what I do and what I would do for my career if I graduate. I mainly feel inadequate. I feel that I am not good enough. I am willing to do whatever it takes but fear that whatever my "best" is may not be good enough. 
supporter:I can feel your worries when you speak about your anxiety, and I am hoping we can find a way to approach your feelings. Do you think there was a specific instance that is causing doubts within yourself or is it in your nature to self-doubt?
seeker:It is in my nature to self doubt. Additionally, I have had a few bumps in the road during my program and struggle to pick myself up after those bumps. For example, I am on academic probation and have a certain expectation over the next few months that I have to hit to stay in the program due to struggles in previous classes. I am reaching the bar just fine, according to those that I work with, and often feel I am doing quite well but occasionally I start to panic and think that I am not doing as well as I think that I am and start to spiral
supporter:This has also been a past struggle of mine, and I think it partially stems from the bar we set so high for ourselves. We obviously cannot reach the top right away, but have to work our way up. Often times, when facing an obstacle, such as a bad grade, we might retreat further down the path due to fear that it will keep happening. I know that I personally had a tendency to think of my family and friends who I feel are dependent on me or comparing myself with others when the only person we should think of in these instances is ourself. When making progress, tiny steps upward matter more than you think. But when we take a step backward, we cannot fall back down to the starting point by letting our doubts pile upon one another.
seeker:That is a really good point and helpful. Thank you!
supporter:Of course, I am happy to help! I have noticed that letting yourself celebrate a good grade can be really helpful to feel that you are enough and making good progress. But when things do go south, because life certainly happens, we must stay in the present and live life like we usually would, with a drive that we are going to push harder against whatever we have to face next. 
seeker:That is exactly right. I need to focus more on what progress has been made and not on what progress hasn't been made yet because there is still time to make that progress. 
supporter:Exactly! I also suggest if you are having doubts, talk it out with someone like your partner or a close friend. They can often provide a pick me up you didn't even know you needed. More than anything, give yourself credit and relax. Take some time to just breathe and release the tension. I guarantee it will leave you feeling refreshed and fulfilled for the next tasks you have to face. I believe you can do this and I feel that you believe it too, which is amazing. As often as it is said, believing in yourself is truly the best foundation to achieve your goals.
seeker:Thanks for the advice and believing in me. This has been challenging and your words of encouragement give me hope for the future. 
supporter:You're welcome. It was great talking to you. Your future is bright, and I wish you all of the luck for the endeavors to get you there.
seeker:Thanks! Same to you!
supporter:Enjoy the rest of your day!
seeker:You too! Thanks again. 

seeker:hi
supporter:Hello!
seeker:I'm dealing with a lot of frustration and anxiety.
supporter:How are you?
seeker:Frustrated and anxious
supporter:Oh I understand how that can be.
supporter:Would you like to tell me about it?
seeker:Ok. I have a friend who I've known a long time, who is one of my closest friends, but who is extremely insecure. She constantly seeks affirmation that I love and care for her, even though she should KNOW I do, since we have been friends for so long.
supporter:I can understand how that can become a source of frustration after a while.
supporter:Would you like to share what pushed it beyond the normal point today?
seeker:It's just been an ongoing thing that has escalated recently because she's so afraid and timid and doesn't believe anyone could really love or care for her. I get sick of having to say that of course I love her. 
supporter:I can relate because I also have a close friend that seeks constant reaffirmations. 
supporter:Have you spoken with her about this?
seeker:I have. I address it every time it comes up. She always sells herself short. Recently I suggested she could babysit my kids, she agreed, then almost immediately said it was ok if I had someone better in mind, and didn't want her, even though I had asked her!
seeker:do you talk to your friend about it?
supporter:Sometimes it is very difficult to see yourself through someone elses eyes when you undervalue yourself.
supporter:I know it may be difficult to remain patient when your friend repeatedly does this, but maybe you could explain to her that it makes you feel like she is mistrustful of your opinion when she second guesses your taste in friends. 
seeker:Yes, I know. Until she finds her self worth, it doesn't matter what any of her friends say to her.
seeker:I have actually told her that. That it seems like she doesn't trust me. 
supporter:Possibly explaining it in a way she can relate to would be helpful.
supporter:I did in fact speak with my friend and it helped our relationship quite a bit. We continue to be very close 20 years later.
seeker:It's frustrating to me and gives me anxiety because I wish I could change her to see herself the way I, and others, do. But I know I can't make her see her self worth. That's something she has to find for herself. 
seeker:That's good to hear about you and your friend. 
supporter:I can feel your frustration just by our conversation, and I too wish that she could see that you value both her and your friendship enough to reach out to someone that can just listen. Don't forget that your feelings are valid as well.
seeker:I know they are. And yes, she's dealing with a lot, but we all are, and it would be so much better for her if she could trust the people who love her to actually love her. 
supporter:Sometimes you have to take a step back and fill your own cup. 
seeker:Indeed. Thank you for your input. 
supporter:Do you think a break would help you feel better able to deal with the demands of her friendship?
supporter:Do you think a break would help you feel better able to deal with the demands of her friendship?
supporter:It has been my pleasure! I trust you will make the right choice! Best of wishes!
seeker:Not really, because I'd just worry about her. She needs someone like me to look after her. I'm kind of the Yin to her Yang. Thank you for your time and conversation!

supporter:Hi! How are you feeling today?
seeker:I am feeling better 
seeker:How are you doing today?
supporter:I am good. How may I assist you today!
seeker:I would love some words of encouragement
supporter:IT seem you need some encouragement to accomplish your goal. Hope I understood it correctly.
seeker:yes
supporter:That's great! We all need motivation and encouragement to do something.
seeker:Have you been in a situation like mine before?
supporter:I have been  in this situation many time. I perform better when I get support or encouraging words from other. Can you please tell me little bit about your goal, so that I can encourage you accordingly 
seeker:I always want a situation where i work without anxiety and fear of being forloughed because of my last experience
supporter:I can understand your situation very well. We all face such a phase in our life time. you should not worry about it. Keep working hard.
seeker:I put in extra work just to be on top of my goals
supporter:That's great! Then you should not worry about anything. Now days situation is really stressful. We have to manage it somehow. You should give little time to yourself as well. It Will increase your productivity.
seeker:My family is my greatest motivation to keep pushing hard .Time heals all wounds just well said
supporter:Family is a great support, then you will definitely grow and you don't have to take any stress because you have everything there with you.
seeker:Do you have dependents that look up to you?
supporter:Yes, I have kids. To look them up I need to stay motivated and positive because I am the reflection to them.
seeker:that is true
seeker:I feel relieved chating with you
seeker:Thank you for your words of encouragements. It really helped a lot 
supporter:That's my pleasure that my words helped you. Stay happy calm and motivated and rest you have big support of your family.  
seeker:Enjoy the rest of your day.
supporter:You too! byee
seeker:bye.

seeker:Hi
supporter:hello
seeker:I am unable to focus on my studies due to stress. I am afraid that I am gonna fail.
supporter:so you mean you are afraid you will fail because you are stressed out with your studies
seeker:yes, due to stress and anxiety it is hard to concentrate.
supporter:that can be hard but you can do it. knowing that you are scared is enough motivation for you to push through 
seeker:I can't sleep at night and having bad dreams that I will fail in my exams or I am unable to answer questions.
supporter:i can sense your feeling, i once had same mind stress before
seeker:So what you did? how you came out of it?
supporter:i stop reading alone. I read with my friends. girlfriend or read in a public place like the library 
seeker:That is a great idea but due to COVID it could be risky to meet up daily and library is closed where I live.
supporter:yes, covid has made things messy but you can always connect with someone online and chat about what you have read so far. I did same thing during the lockdown
seeker:That's what I can do. Thanks! It might make me feel better. What else can I do to control my anxiety?
supporter:always make sure you get enough rest and when ever you are getting the feeling next time, distract your self with something you love and then continue after a while
seeker:Thank you so much for all your suggestion. Hope it will help me 
supporter:and make sure you eat well. and exercise to control your breathing 
seeker:Is there any specific exercise?
supporter:you can do bit of yoga and meditating. You should be fine with that
seeker:Thank you so much. I am feeling motivated now . I will try to start it tomorrow onwards.
supporter:good is there any other thing i can help you with?
seeker:I think that's enough to start with. Hope it will work out. Thanks for all your help. byee
supporter:you are very welcome and good luck with your studies

seeker:I've tried this before and there wasn't anyone on the support side...
seeker:I also tried to be the supporter but I think the screen froze at some point. I couldn't complete that side. So, I'm trying this again. Not sure if I got credit for the others. 
seeker:Hoping I won't be punished with a rejection for talking to myself.
supporter:Hello how are you?  I am here to support you.
seeker:Oh, hi! Thank you. 
seeker:I was just talking to myself. lol No one showed up the last few times I tried to do this.
supporter:How can I help support you today?
supporter:I know these are tough times and we all need to be heard.
seeker:I'm just looking for someone new to talk to. I don't really feel like I can express my actual feelings in my current living arrangement.
supporter:I understand.  I have had to stay by myself for most of the year due to the pandemic.  That has been hard.
seeker:I've heard the pandemic has affected a lot of people. I'm always alone anyway...or with my roommate,so I haven't noticed much of a difference. 
seeker:It's difficult when we have absolutely nothing in common. 
supporter:Have you tried different games that help you get to know each other?  Maybe try a movie or series.  I loved Sweet Magnolia's on Netflix.
seeker:I'm mainly worried that she'll throw me out of the house and I'll have no where to live. 
seeker:Oh god forbid we watch a movie. She's too obsessed with CNN to watch anything else.
seeker:She's become brainwashed by the tabloid media...
supporter:Oh my goodness.  The good thing is there is a moratorium on evictions so she would not be able to do that legally.  CNN can be overwhelming.  Try giving her some type of distraction.  Suggest yoga or some type of bonding.
supporter:I think 24/7 news is problematic but here to stay.
seeker:I actually do yoga every evening. She hates it. I'm living in her home without a lease, so I wonder if she can just tell me to leave.
seeker:I can't imagine why anyone would want to watch the news for more than to just catch up (If you like lies and nonsense)
supporter:As long as you have property there she would have to formally evict you.  That is the good news. 
seeker:That is good news. Thanks for letting me know that. 
supporter:I think it is best to stick with a short local news report.
supporter:My pleasure.  So many people are worried about losing their place to stay but thankfully most are protected due to the pandemic.
seeker:I just found mturk. I just started here. Any advice as to what to do? I've mainly just been doing surveys. I'm not good at the small tasks.
supporter:Check Youtube videos on using Panda's.  It will help you make more money.  I have done over 750,000 hits.
seeker:Oh wow, that's amazing! I've done this particular hit 3 times...I've only found a person once though. I will definitely check out the videos. thank you!
seeker:What are pandas? Or is it too hard to explain?
supporter:You are welcome.  Panda's help you keep grabbing hits.  You can store 25 at a time.
seeker:Oh, I see. Great! Thanks so much for chatting with me and for the advice. 
seeker:It's been nice to have someone new to vent to. :) 
supporter:Have a great night and take care of yourself.  It has been a pleasure.
seeker:Thank you, you too! 

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:I'm doing better now that I have someone to chat with!
seeker:I've been feeling down and anxious about getting older lately because I've lost may parents and I'm worried about losing my aunts.
supporter:I understand, you feel like your losing everyone close to you and wondering about your own mortality now as well?
seeker:Exactly, I worry about losing my aunts because they are in their 70s and 80s. I worry about my own mortality as well.
supporter:Have you told your aunts how much you love them? It may comfort you to know that you've shared exactly how you feel with them while they are here. 
seeker:I tell them every time I talk to them and try to spend as much time with them as I can. 
supporter:I try to let everyone know I love them too just because we never know when we aren't going to be here anymore. I definitely understand where you are coming from. 
supporter:Have you tried looking at any YouTube videos about life and mortality? 
seeker:I agree! We never know 
seeker:I haven't but I will check some out. I love You Tube but never thought to look there.
supporter:I personally have found some comfort in hearing other people struggle with their own mortality or their beliefs in an after life or different things. Maybe that could be something you could try looking into.
seeker:I will definitely try that. It makes me feel better to know that you have found some comfort in hearing other people's struggles with their mortality or beliefs.
supporter:It sounds to me like you've felt alone in your struggles and you are not alone! Yes I have and I've heard from many others who have as well.
supporter:That and there are some great books out there also!
seeker:I have felt alone in my struggles. It's good to know that I'm not alone! 
supporter:I'm so happy I could be here for you! It's not fun to feel alone, if we can all lean on each other in times of need the world will be a better place.
seeker:do you have a favorite video or book, or one that you found most helpful?
seeker:I appreciate you being here for me. You have given me some great ideas, listened to me, and have made me feel better. I feel calm and relaxed now. Thank you so much!
supporter:I've personally enjoyed looking into all the different types of religions and spiritual beliefs from around the world. It's nice hearing about different beliefs on life and death.
seeker:I agree, the world would be a much better place if we could all lean on each other in times of need!
supporter:You are very welcome! Again I am happy to help and would love to chat any time you are feeling anxious about anything at all!
supporter:I am always here for you!
seeker:Thank you so much! You have helped me more than you know!
seeker:So nice to have such a supportive friend to talk to!
supporter:You are very welcome! I hope you have a great rest of your day and please don't hesitate to message if you want to chat again!
seeker:I hope you have a great rest of your day as well! If you ever need someone to talk to feel free to message me!
supporter:Thank you I will! Take care!

supporter:Hi
supporter:How are you doing?
seeker:I am very sad
supporter:oh, what happened? why are you sad?
seeker:I think I am just feeling down because of the pandemic
supporter:ok, i understand. this pandemic has been really tough. 
supporter:have you tried to take your mind off of the pandemic by spending time on your hobbies?
seeker:I have but they aren't the same without my friends
supporter:that's true. times like these really show us the value of our friends. have you talked to your friends recently? either in person or through phone/video calls?
seeker:We have done a few video calls but it just makes me more sad that I can't see them in person 
supporter:okay. at lease seeing them in the video should have brought you some relief. Are you planning to get vaccinated when you are able to? And what about your friends? once you are vaccinated, it will help you meet your friends in person.
seeker:Yes we are planning to get it as soon as possible but that is hard in our state
supporter:oh okay. Have you tried checking with your friends to see if you could meet in person but still maintain social distance and wear masks, etc.
seeker:None of them are really comfortable with that sadly
supporter:oh okay, have you discussed anything with your friends to see if you find any alternative way of meeting?
seeker:I have tried but we don't have many ideas
supporter:okay. May i ask what do you do for a living? are there ways you can spend time on activities that you like so that it could reduce your sadness?
seeker:I am just a student right now. All of my classes are online
supporter:oh okay
seeker:I think things will get better eventually
supporter:do you like any subjects in particular?
seeker:Biology and anatomy
supporter:yes, things will only get better from here
supporter:i hope with the government's plan to get vaccines sooner, will let states to administer them soon . and then hopefully you will be able to meet your friends in person
seeker:I truly hope so!
seeker:Thanks for talking with me
supporter:Sure no problem. Hopefully things will be much better for you soon.
seeker:Thanks. Bye!
supporter:Bye.

supporter:Hello, how is your head or heart today?
seeker:Hello, I would like to talk to someone about my situation at work.
supporter:I hear you need someone to talk to. What is your situation at your work?
seeker:My company is going through redundancies at the moment and I will not find out for another month if I am going to be included.
seeker:I have a huge workload on at work and the bosses just keep piling more on top which makes me more stressed and anxious. 
supporter:Being stressed and anxious is something I've experienced as well. I use breathing to help keep me centered, calm.
seeker:Breathing calmly will not help pay the bills if I am made redundant. It's not fair, I cannot be made redundant if they keep giving me more work.
supporter:That sounds tough. Just from chatting with you, I can feel how anxious you are.
supporter:It sounds like you don't feel heard by your boss. 
seeker:Sort of. I feel they have no communication or empathy for their employees. How can a company who is making their staff redundant expect them to work harder?
supporter: I have also felt unfairly treated at a workplace. Have you tried to talk to a human resources director or a company hotline?
seeker:No, only my direct manager. Do you think that will help?
supporter:I believe you deserve to be treated fairly. I hear that you also believe that you deserve to be treated fairly. Calling a hotline or talking to a human resource profession is a suggestion.
seeker:I think that's a good idea, I will try that. What kind of things should I say?
supporter:Expressing your feelings about the companies redundancies. Also, your feelings about the company having no communication or empathy for their employees.
seeker:Ok thanks, i will do that.
seeker:Thank you for your help and advice.
supporter:You're welcome. I hope this message finds you well.
seeker:Yes thank you.
seeker:Ah one final thing, other than breathing how else do you recommend for handling anxiety?
supporter:In combination with breathing, I suggest using a thought map to clear your mind. Also going for a walk can help you with your mental or emotional health.
seeker:Ok thats great, thanks.

seeker:Hi. How are you?
supporter:Can I help you
seeker:I'm worried that my job is in jeopardy. I've been really anxious these past few days.
supporter:It is actually good. Why you are feeling
seeker:My boss has been talking about money problems at the company. In the past few months, employees have been let go because of budget problems.
supporter:So it should not impact you. Don't worry at all.
seeker:I dunno. I think maybe it'll be my turn soon. Other people better than me, who have been there longer have gotten the chop.
supporter:You should not listen your co-worker. Just listen your heart. Do your best.
seeker:I have been trying to do my best, but I don't think it's good enough. The company is running out of money because of the pandemic.
supporter:Start searching job meanwhile. Don't get panic. You have still lot of time. Be very patience.
seeker:I've looked for a job. There doesn't seem to be much out there. Everybody else is looking too! The competition is fierce.
supporter:I can understand. It happened with my sister too. She was also panicking like you, but I told her to apply and give interview. Still it is in process. 
seeker:I'll keep applying. I've been drinking a lot to deal with my anxiety. 
supporter:I can assure you don't worry at all. Keep yourself busy  with friends. Go out with them and keep yourself busy. You will be fine soon
seeker:I'm worried that I'm drinkng too much booze. My friends sit drinking with me and tell me not to worry about work. But I can't stop worrying. 
supporter:Do meditation or yoga will help you.
seeker:I don't even know where to start with meditation. And I can't stand that hippy yoga stuff.
seeker:One of my co-workers does yoga. He raves about it. He says all the cute girls do yoga. 

supporter:Hello there, how are you feeling at the moment? 
seeker:I am feeling okay, but I have been better
supporter:Is there anything specific that you'd like to talk about with me?
seeker:I am having a lot of conflict with my boss at work. 
supporter:That is not good. Are you thinking of looking for new work?
seeker:Honestly maybe. It is exhausting 
supporter:I had a similar situation myself a few years ago and I moved on. I've never regretted it. 
seeker:It is just a little scary since I don't have anything else set up
supporter:Is your boss's behaviour unreasonable enough to justify making a complaint about him to HR?
seeker:I have and they just contacted her boss. Nothing changed after. 
supporter:It might be worth following up with. There are organisations that could give you free advice. 
seeker:That might be helpful but I still feel like I am alone in this struggle
supporter:You should not have to suffer if you are being bullied. Please contact your local Citizen's Advice! 
seeker:I guess I could at least try. You're so right
supporter:Do any of your colleagues feel the same way  that you do? 
seeker:They don't. I think that is what makes it so much more difficult. 
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Perhaps it really is the best time to just move on. 
seeker:It probably is a sign I need to do something else anyway
supporter:Yes, the world is your oyster. I wish you all the best with whatever you do! 
seeker:Thank you. I appreciate you talking to me. 
supporter:You're welcome and take care 
supporter:(you need to press quit first .. I can't :)) 
seeker:Bye! 

seeker:Hi, how are you?
supporter:Good. How are you?
seeker:Not so good. My girlfriend dumped me months ago, but I can't get over her. Other women just don't appeal to me.
supporter:I would be upset after a breakup too. 
seeker:Thanks. I wish that I could get over her. I'm not sure what I should do. 
supporter:Have you gone out on any dates since the breakup?
seeker:I've talked to other women. They seem nice, but they all pale in comparison to my old GF.
supporter:Talking to other women shows that you are trying to move on. 
seeker:That's a good way to think of it. It just made me feel worse because it reminded me of something that I don't have. Maybe it will get better.
supporter:I understand. It is sometimes hard to give new people a chance when you are comparing them to someone else. 
seeker:I wonder what other people do after a breakup. I've asked others, and they tell me to just give it time. How much time, I wonder.
supporter:Giving new people a chance might help you move on.
seeker:That's something to think about. I hadn't considered that. Even if the person doesn't seem perfect, maybe they'll be more appealing over time.
supporter:Maybe try a date that is casual and no pressure.
seeker:Like a lunch date? Or coffee? Maybe without the pressure, it'll be possible to ease into a relationship.
supporter:A lunch date or coffee sounds perfect. 
seeker:Ok. I'll try that. The next gal that I like, I'll ask her to coffee. We'll see where it goes from there.
supporter:That sounds like a great idea.
seeker:Thanks for the suggestions. You've really helped me get a better perspective on this whole thing.
supporter:You're welcome. I'm glad to hear that.
seeker:Have a good day! Thanks again.

seeker:hello
supporter:Hello! How are you feeling at the moment?
seeker:nervous and anxious
supporter:I am very sorry to hear that - I will help if I can! 
seeker:Thank you. It is just that my job is ending soon and I have not found another.
supporter:Ah that must be very worrying, especially at this pandemic time. What field are you in?
seeker:I am in the medical field at the momnet, but the contract is going away. 
seeker:moment"
supporter:I see. Have you already started looking for new work? It might help you feel more secure. 
seeker:I have, but the location that I am in is scarce with work. Which is quite surprising. 
supporter:Would you contemplate moving? I hear that there are a lot of opportunities in your field on the East Coast. 
seeker:I would for sure, but that also makes me a bit nervous as I would not know anyone there. Thinking about all the possibilities raises my anxieties about the situation at hand and I am not sure as to what I should do
supporter:I understand - I find it very difficult to meet new people too. Maybe you could join some online groups in  new area before actually moving there?
seeker:That actually does not sound like a bad idea at all.
supporter:I find it much easier to meet people online. And you could get familiarised with local amenities too. 
seeker:Where would you reccommend finding a group?
supporter:Facebook is a good place to meet people I find. There are all sorts of different groups there. 
seeker:Familiarization would not be too bad, Facebook would be a good start
supporter:Are you likely to be in financial difficulty after your job ends or do you have savings as a safety net?
seeker:I have a small savings. To be honest I did not know about the contract end until a few days ago. It is a company wide type thing. So I was and still am not fully prepsred
seeker:prepared
supporter:Is it legal for them to give you such short notice? You might have grounds for a complaint. 
seeker:I came on after everything was negotiated. apparently everyone else that was there at that time knew that it would no longer be an open location.
supporter:I am very sorry to hear that. 
supporter:Try and see it in a positive light - this could turn out to be a really good thing for you. 
seeker:it is not your fault,but it does help to talk about it. Hopefully, fingers crossed for sure
supporter:I am more than happy to talk any  time! Try not to worry too much.
seeker:Haha I am always told not to worry too much XD.  I try no9t to
seeker:not"
supporter:Sorry :) I hope that did not sound condescending! Anyway thank you for talking and enjoy the rest of your day! 
seeker:Well. I really appreciate your time. Have a great day, and not at all
supporter:bye! :) 
supporter:(you need to press quit from your end first as I can't here :))

supporter:HI, I am wanting to listen. How are you?
supporter:I can understand reaching out can be difficult and want you to know that I am here for you and would like to help in any way that I can.
seeker:I am getting depressed staying at home . i have not worked in 4 years
supporter:I understand that can be very isolating. Do you have any family close by or friends that you can talk to?
seeker:i dont have any friends or family here
supporter:Are you experiencing a problem with finding a job? 
seeker:i have chronic pain issues and i am on disabilty
supporter:I am sorry and want you to know that reaching out is a great step today. Good for you in the effort.
seeker:how can you help me
supporter:I would like you to know that I was in a car accident and was in a lot of pain for about a year. I was able to work through it but know it is so hard. How were you hurt?
seeker:I got injured at work. as my hand got trapped in a machine
supporter:Oh, wow! That is really traumatic and I cant imagine that happening to me. You have been through a lot of pain and suffering. I am so sorry.
seeker:will working make me feel better 
supporter:Do you have any pets? Sometimes pets can help with loneliness. Yes, work will help you but maybe we can think of other ways too.
seeker:i dont have a pet. but i would love to get a cat 
seeker:so should i not go back to work
supporter:That is a fabulous idea. A pet will help with your bond. Can you work with your injury? I have heard of online support groups that can help with support from work injuries.
supporter:I would love to share with you some ideas about emotionally healing in conjunction with your physical. An animal that you could rescue from a shelter could be a way to work your hand and do some therapy.
seeker:I would really like ti know more about this
supporter:I can recommend a shelter and maybe you can adopt a cat soon?
seeker:I get really bad headaches and a wrist injury so i cant go back to work 
seeker:i would love to know more about a shelter

seeker:Hi and good afternoon
seeker:Thank you for your time
supporter:Hello, and good afternoon yourself. How are you?
seeker:Doing pretty good. Struggling a little
supporter:What is making you struggle?
seeker:My situation involves our Daughter and Son-in-Law. He is not treating her well, rude, gaslighting and treating the dog better. He is also not very nice to our grandaughter
seeker:This is confidential, Right?
supporter:Yes, of course it is :). So we are talking about your daughter and her husband and their child together, right?
seeker:Yes, He is a nice guy to others. At home he is so different.
supporter:I understand, people can often show different sides depending on who is around. Do you have any reason to think your daughter or granddaughter are in physical danger?
seeker:No, they are safe. He's, like I said, a nice guy. Our Daughter, we are very close and she would tell us. 
supporter:That's great news! It sounds as though you are just concerned about how she is sometimes being treat. Have you had any conversation with your daughter about their relationship?
seeker:Yes, numerous. Like I said we are close to our daughter. She wants to stay together and talks with him. 
seeker:He stays for whatever reason. I wish he would talk to me, to us. We have offered.
seeker:He knows that we care about him.
supporter:And that is so important and good to know there is trust from his side, to me it sounds as though that could be an olive branch for you to try and establish a conversation with both of them. An open and positive communication is always the first step in resolving anything.
seeker:We have tried this before when we visit and he appears receptive. Treats he well and then when we are gone. He falls back into he behaviour.
supporter:I recently went though a similar exercise with a friend and her boyfriend. We sat down in a room and spoke about our feelings. We had ground rules first and everyone knew they could talk without being judged or escalating.
supporter:Maybe you could suggest follow up conversations, re-cap about what was spoken about previously and they can both evaluate how they have progressed since then?
seeker:Thats sounds like a good idea. We have talked with them individually. Now the next step. We shall see.
seeker:Yeah consistency leads to accountability. I like the idea. Thank you.
supporter:I believe you have both their interests in mind. You sound like a positive person and you are just concerned for all 3 people involved.
seeker:For sure, she is our daughter and our granddaughter needs her daddy.
supporter:I hope they will be well receptive of your suggestion for a follow up.
seeker:Thank you. I have some good ideas after chatting with you.
supporter:No worries, I'm grateful for your time as well. If there is nothing else, I hope it all goes well and you have a wonderful weekend :)
seeker:You, too. I appreciate your time, listening ear and advice. Take care and God Bless.

seeker:hello
supporter:Hi, I am hear to listen today. How are you?
seeker:i am not well
supporter:I am sorry to hear that and I have felt that way myself. Has something unusual happened that you would like to share?
seeker:i have an exam coming up annd i dont wanna fail
supporter:I understand and that can be very concerning. Have you been preparing for the test or have you had anyone to study with? I know that can sometimes help with preparedness. 
seeker:i dont have anyone and i live alone. i feel that my scholarship will be taken away if i fail
supporter:I know that can be very difficult and I am proud of you reaching out for help and support! You are making great strides in talking about your feelings!
supporter:A scholarship would reflect that you are very dedicated to school and that you are deserving of this award. You have a lot to be proud of, having attained a scholarship. I also had one and it can feel like a lot of pressure though.
seeker:should i go to my school councellor
supporter:Yes, that is a great idea. Have you ever joined a study group? A group of peers can also be helpful.
seeker:I have been really upset as people from my study group dont respond to my emails
supporter:I am sorry to hear that and know that could make you really sad. Do you have a relationship with a professor at your school? One that you can talk to about your feelings?
seeker:I dont have a professor i can trust or feel comfortable taking to
seeker:I also dont have any family 
seeker:i have general anxiety disorder
supporter:Okay, I can understand your feelings. Have you heard of practice tests?
seeker:i couldnt study because I have chronic pain issues
supporter:I have experienced a little bit of what you are describing and I am so happy that you have reached out regardless of your obstacles. Have you ever tried to write down what you're feeling?
seeker:i have never tries writing down my feelings
supporter:I think it can help release feelings and help ground people. Do you have family that has experienced what you are feeling or been through college o a scholarship? I would suggest reaching out to family in the case of feeling anxiety. 
seeker:i dont have a lot of family. I am new to this country as wel. due to covid i cant fly back home.

seeker:hello?
supporter:Hey! How are you?
seeker:Not so good. Yourself?
supporter:I'm good but why are you not good?
seeker:I've just received my pink slip at work. I knew it might happen, but was hoping they would choose to keep me on. 
seeker:I'm really freaking out here. I have got to find a job before Monday. 
supporter:Did they have a reason for giving you the pink slip?
seeker:They are getting rid of all kinds of people and I think the newest hires are going first. 
supporter:You will find a job if you are determined enough :)
seeker:People were let go every Friday for the last month. I was hoping I had another week to try and save up. 
supporter:Do you have enough money to keep going?
seeker:I am looking around the house trying to find things I can sell just to get me through the next week as far as groceries and I think my phone bill is due too. 
seeker:I really don't. This came at the worst time. 
seeker:I don't know what to do. 
supporter:I think that selling your old possessions is a great idea
supporter:I can tell you are stressed just by speaking to you
seeker:I wouldn't say they're old. One was a Christmas gift from a few months ago, but I've got to do something. 
supporter:Yes, pulling through this is the most important, because there may be a better future waiting ahead of you
seeker:So much is closed here due to the pandemic I'm not sure who is hiring. This is just too much. 
seeker:I sure hope so. Right now I just can't see a way out. 
supporter:It will work out somehow, I was made redundant a few months ago actually 
seeker:I'm so sorry. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. Where did you look for work? Do you have any tips?
supporter:Yes, I have stable work right now, but now I have learned to be prepared for the worst, but right now, you should do everything in your power to pull things together
supporter:Maybe do freelance in your free time?
supporter:Special talents to showcase
seeker:I was thinking maybe I could do gig work like ride share or grocery pickup. That might help until I get full time somewhere. 
supporter:Yeah, that's a good idea, and it would help you pull by
supporter:I advice you to follow your gut
seeker:I should probably contact the phone company. Maybe I can do a payment plan? I need to definitely try and consolidate things. 
seeker:I was really starting to get back on my feet and now the rug has been pulled out again. I don't know how I'm going to trust another job prospect. 
supporter:Yeah, because right now your phone isnt your top priority, and you can trust another job, just always be prepared for the worst.
seeker:I wish they had taught us this in school. I feel so ill prepared. 
seeker:I cried the entire way home. I thought about calling my parents and letting them know, but they have their own problems right now. 
supporter:You should always keep your head held high because it is only in this state that you can make your best decisions for your future
seeker:I'm trying. I feel really ashamed. It helps to tell someone. 
supporter:Its nothing to be ashamed about, and there is always someone to talk to with these things
seeker:Thank you for letting me vent. I'm going to call about my phone and search some job boards. 
supporter:Yes thats the spirit, and you are very welcome :)
seeker:Take care, and thanks again. Bye bye. 
supporter:Take care as well, bye

seeker:I am having a deep sense of sadness after the break up with my boyfriend.
seeker:I feel like crying all the time and I feel like the sadness will never end.
seeker:I have sense of overwhelming sadness as if my heart is sinking or like I am on a sinking ship. I wake up in the middle of the night and I am gasping for air, too.
supporter:Thanks for sharing that with me. I'm so sorry you've been feeling like that. Breakups are so hard and can cause so much grief.
seeker:Yes, I feel like I will never meet anyone else and that I wasted so much time.
supporter:I know those feelings of sadness can feel like they will never end- I have felt that way too before.
seeker:Do you feel like the best part of your life was over? That is how I feel now. Its seem like all of my plans for the future are over and ruined.
supporter:But they do pass eventually and become easier to manage- with time and care. Do you have anyone in your life, a friend or family member who you can lean on when you're feeling so sad?
seeker:I have a best friend but she told me that she didn't like my boyfriend from the beginning so she is glad that we broke up. Well, that I got dumped.
supporter:It sounds like it's hard to have your best friend not be as supportive as you want during this hard time. What has been helping you to pass the time these days- do you have any activities or hobbies that you like to do to relax, have fun, or take your mind of things?
seeker:I have been wanting to buy a bike and start taking my dog out for little bike rides. I want to get one with a basket and have her sit in the front. I just hate being alone and I feel so sad about doing everything alone now.
supporter:That's a great idea. I love taking walks and bike rides outside when I feel down. I also have a little dog and she helps me whenever I'm feeling lonely- dogs are great at providing comfort and unconditional love. 
seeker:I just bought my puppy and she is super comforting. I think that because she was a recuse dog I feel a greater attachment. It is kind of nice having her.
supporter:My dog has also helped me meet other people and make friends- sometimes I'll walk my dog with others or go on bike rides with friends. If there is a dog park or local park nearby, maybe you can go and talk to other people there- talking about your dogs is a great icebreaker!
seeker:I know about a local dog park and think I will visit it today. That is a really good idea. I don't need a bike for that.
supporter:I'm glad to hear that! I hope you have a great time there! Research has also shown that spending time outside everyday is really good for our mental health.
seeker:You are giving me something to think about that isn't related to the break up. I feel like a weight is sort of lifting off of me. I think I needed to talk and get some of my feelings on the table today.
supporter:If you are still interested in getting a bike, I'd say go for it too! Biking is a great stress relief and form of exercise that often makes me feel better. 
supporter:I am so glad to hear that and am so happy you are talking to me is making you feel better. 
seeker:Yes, I really want to get one but since I don't have a lot of money right now I will waitr on that and go to the dog park instead. I also heard about yoga iin the park.
supporter:Those are both great ideas! Yoga in the park sounds awesome. Yoga is another great stress reliever and form of exercise that is often free or very inexpensive. 
seeker:I am feeling like life still goes on and things are going on all around me. I am going to start seeing whats out there and trying to join in a little bit more. My dog is opening a door for me and with your encouragement too. 
supporter:I am very glad to hear that. Is there anything else I can help you with today? I am here to listen. 
seeker:I was thinking about reading self help books or journaling but I was so down on myself.
supporter:Reading and journaling are also great tools to use. Even when you are feeling down it can be helpful to write down your feelings as a form of release. 
seeker:Thank you for all of your support and understanding today. I am going to journal and then head to the dog park and get some fresh air.
supporter:That sounds like a great plan. Good luck and I hope you continue to feel better. 
seeker:Thank you again for being a wonderful listener and better friend than my best one. 
supporter:You're very welcome. 

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today? 
seeker:Hi there.  I am not doing very well today.  I am really angry.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you are feeling angry today. Tell me more about that. 
seeker:I recently discovered some discrepancies in my paycheck.  I am not sure what to do to correct the situation.  I am just so upset right now.
supporter:I can definitely understand why this could make someone upset. What are you considering doing about the situation? 
seeker:I'm not sure.  I thought about quitting but I have been working there for over 7 years.  I haven't even told my boss yet.  
supporter:That sounds really tough. Sometimes people who are in your situation find it comforting to talk to someone they are close with. What do you think about this? 
seeker:I think that could be helpful.  I might call my sister and ask her advice.  It is probably not a good idea to quit my job.
supporter:It sounds like your sister might be able to help you figure out this situation. It can always be helpful to make a list of pros and cons about the situation. You originally said you were angry because of a discrepancy with your paycheck, but on the other hand it sounds like you are considering quitting your job altogether. What are your thoughts about this? 
seeker:Wow that is a great idea.  A list of pros and cons might help me decide if I should stay there.  I think I will make one today.  I also need to tell my boss.  Maybe it was just a clerical error.  I hope I'm not reading too much into it.  
supporter:It always seems easy to read to much into things. Another suggestion is to think about how the clerical error happened. Was it because of your boss? Or perhaps just an accident? 
seeker:That is what I am unsure about.  I think I have to tell my boss so they can look into this issue.  I hope my sister is able to give me some good advice about what to say! 
supporter:It sounds like you are wanting to tell your boss about this. How do you imagine you will go about telling your boss?
seeker:I think he will be apologetic.  He has always treated me fairly.  It is difficult for me to put my anger aside sometimes, which is why I have not said anything yet.  I am afraid I will not remain calm and might say something mean to him.  That would be terrible.  
supporter:It sounds like you are nervous about saying something mean. What do you think would be helpful for you to do do in order to prepare? Some people in your situation might find it helpful to role-play with someone. 
seeker:Yes!  That is a wonderful suggestion!  Maybe I can ask my sister to pretend to be my boss when I talk with her.  Im
seeker:OOPS!  I mean to say I'm sure she would be happy to help.  
supporter:That sounds like a great idea! Then when you actually talk with your boss, it will be easier since you already talked about it with your sister. 
seeker:Yes you are right.  I am so glad you suggested that!  I think the pros and cons list will help me a lot also.  I feel less angry now that I have a plan.  :)
supporter:It sounds like you have a great plan in place! I'm glad to hear you are feeling less angry now! :) 
seeker:I was so angry, I could not see the situation any differently.  Thank you so much for helping me make a plan.
supporter:I can understand how you feel. Sometimes I let my anger get the best of me, but it is always important to remember to stay calm and think about your options and have a plan! 
supporter:I hope things go well for you! 
seeker:And don't forget about asking for help! Sometimes that is the hardest part.  
seeker:Thanks!  I hope so too!  
supporter:Absolutely! Always asking for help when you need it is a great idea. 

seeker:Hi there, can you help me?
supporter:I'll do my best. What do you need help with?
seeker:I feel depressed because I had to quit my job and stay home with my kids because of their remote school.
supporter:I can understand why that would make you feel depressed. 
seeker:Do you have any advice on how to feel better?
supporter:Yes of course. It's good that you are acknowledging your feelings. To improve your mood you could practice hobbies or other things you enjoy doing.
seeker:I see. Yes I do enjoy knitting. I just don't feel like I have time to do that.
supporter:I can understand how you feel that you don't have time. 
seeker:When I do have time I feel too exhausted to do anything else.
supporter:Parents need to learn to take care of their own needs first before their children. Only then can you be truly available for anyone else.
seeker:You're right, I need to find time for me.
supporter:Indeed, once you free up some time for yourself, I bet you'll start to feel better.
seeker:Do you have other suggestions?
supporter:Yes, try meditation for a few minutes each morning.
seeker:What do I do to meditate?
supporter:Take a few deep breaths and clear your mind of negative thoughts.
seeker:That sounds good, but how will it help.
supporter:meditation allows you to set up your day in your mind and let you be calm.
seeker:Will that help me get through the day and be happy?
supporter:Yes, it won't happen overnight but be patient with it.
seeker:Ok thanks.
supporter:do you have any other concerns?
seeker:no I think you helped me enough.
supporter:I'm hearing that I have helped enough and you don't have any more concerns?
seeker:Yes and thank you!
supporter:You are welcome, and good bye.

seeker:Hi there, how are things?
supporter:Hi Can I help you
seeker:Yes trying to get over the passing of my aunt a week ago.
supporter:You tell me
supporter:That's so sad. I am sorry!
seeker:Thanks, it is actually a week today.  My mother has taken it particularly hard, they were best friends
supporter:I can understand very how your mom is going through hard time.
seeker:Thanks.  I really have not had much time to grieve myself since she is my first priority.
supporter:Time will heel her. That I can assure you.
seeker:Do you have any suggestions what I might try to cheer her up?  After that I can worry about myself
supporter:Tell her to meditation or yoga in the morning. This will definitely helped and her mind will be  busy
seeker:That might be ok.  I know she likes Neil Diamond.  Maybe get some of that playing while she meditates.
supporter:That is wonderful idea too . She will recover soon
seeker:Now what should I do for myself after she is better?
supporter:Be busy with your daily routine. Planning is the key
seeker:I thought about trying some daily exercise like just walking around the block a couple times with my dog.
supporter:Good idea! You can take your mom along with you in the park. She will recover soon.
seeker:I thought about redecorating her house a little bit, they lived together for a long time maybe a change of scenery would do some good
supporter:Yes, try to do all thgings. But do one by one. That is my advice for you
seeker:Ok, well thanks for your help
supporter:Your welcome
seeker:I think when I start eating a little better things will improve too.
supporter:Start eating more fruits like me. I am trying to eat healthy.
seeker:Ok good idea,  Thanks
supporter:Your welcome

supporter:Hi, how are you doing today?
seeker:Not too great, honestly. 
supporter:Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Is there something in particular that's wrong?
seeker:I am struggling to keep up with all of the assignments in my classes and I am anxious that I am going to fail some of them. 
supporter:That sounds really stressful
seeker:It really is hard to manage
supporter:Are you in a program that lets you choose your own classes?
seeker:Three of them were required for majors in my year, unfortunately. 
supporter:Oh, that's rough. I've had classes before where I had to take them but had a lot of trouble.
supporter:Do you know anyone in the class? Maybe you could try studying with them and see if they can help.
seeker:I have a couple friends in the same classes but there is so much material it is hard to find any time to get together. 
supporter:It sounds like you're overwhelmed by all of the things expected of you
supporter:Sometimes schools have programs that can help with this sort of thing, like student support services, that might be able to get you extensions on assignments, or move tests around if they fall on a similar date.
seeker:That sounds like a great idea but I am not sure if they will have any sympathy for me. 
supporter:You might be right, it depends on the school honestly. It might not hurt to try though if you're really overwhelmed. Another thought is to try talking to your professors or TAs? They might be more sympathetic than you think.
seeker:You're right. I guess it would be worth the time and effort to at least ask. That is probably better than just suffering. 
supporter:I've been a TA for classes before, and even though I sometimes can't do too much to change assignment deadlines, I've always been open to talking to students about their struggles. It helps me to know who to keep an eye on and give extra attention to.
supporter:Are you feeling any external pressure from your family or advisor to do really well?
seeker:I don't really have much of a support system. I really am just trying to self motivate.
supporter:That sounds so hard, I think it's awesome that you're trying so hard on your own. Just the fact that you're in a program in the first place is really impressive.
seeker:Thank you.
supporter:I hope you're able to find a support system through your friends, even if you don't have one at home.
seeker:I hope so too. 
seeker:Thanks for talking with me. 
supporter:I know it's hard, but I think you're going to do a great job! And even if you fail a test, it really doesn't matter in the long run. 
seeker:You are absolutely right. 
supporter:It was great talking with you
seeker:Thanks again! Bye. 
supporter:Bye!

supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:I'm sad
supporter:What happened?
seeker:My ex-boyfriend broke up with me
supporter:Why did he break up with you?
seeker:because I didn't trust him and I was always jelous
supporter:I think you should try finding a psychologist to help your jealous.
seeker:Yes, I think so, because I should not feel like that, I should trust him
supporter:Apparently psychologist is good for people who want to share feelings and emotions
seeker:Yes, it's true. Thanks for the information
seeker:I'm trying not to talk to him or think about him, because I feel better
supporter:It's good for you to do that. You'll feel better with time. 
seeker:But it's so hard do to that
seeker:I spend a lot of time with him
supporter:I feel the same way. When it had happened with me. However, I talked it with my friends and family and made me feel much better
seeker:Yes. I'll do it
supporter:You should spend time for yourself now. Take care of yourself.
seeker:Yes, I'm going to do that
supporter:I Know that in the beginning it's so difficult to do anything, you just want to sleep and do nothing, but with time you'll feel much better and try start over
seeker:Yes, it's true. For now, I'll just cry and sleep
supporter:Yes. you should do that. It's not good to hold crying. You should just do what you want to do now
seeker:Yes, thank you
supporter:If you need anything later, just text me
seeker:Yes, thank you. 
seeker:Bye
supporter:Bye

supporter:Hello.
seeker:Hello...
supporter:How are you doing today?
seeker:I am quite stressed.
supporter:Well I can definitely understand being stressed at this time.
seeker:I can't believe that my hours were cut again at my current job. 
supporter:Why were they cut?
seeker:Because of the pandemic, my boss is not generating enough money so they cut everyone's hours. I don't blame him but I am so frustrated at this whole thing. 
supporter:I can definitely understand your frustration. That is a big deal.
supporter:Have you tried talking to him?
seeker:I want to but I don't want to be fired or annoy them. 
supporter:I'm sure that you wouldn't annoy them. It's their job to talk to their employees.
seeker:I just don't want to annoy them. Meanwhile, I am trying to get another job but no luck so far. :(
supporter:Have you signed up for any job recruiting sites or consulted your state labor department office?
seeker:Yep and unfortunately I still have not receive any response. 
supporter:What about asking your neighbors if they need any help with child care or yard work? 
seeker:No one in the neighborhood has kids and everyone does their own yard work around my area.
supporter:Wow. It sounds like you are really having a tough time.
supporter:What do you think the next step in finding new employment is?
supporter:What are your options?
seeker:At this point, I don't know. I have thought about doing art commissions and selling them online but I don't know if my abilities are enough. Plus there is a lot of completion in the field. 
supporter:That sounds like a fantastic idea, and even if there is competition, there are still a lot of people that might buy your art from Etsy or Amazon.
seeker:You know what? I think I'll try it out. :)
supporter: It sounds like you have a plan. I know that you will do great.
supporter:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
seeker:I think that is it. Thank you for the encouragement. :) 
supporter:You're welcome! Have a nice day!
seeker:You too!  :)
supporter:Thanks!

supporter:Hi. What brings you here today?
seeker:I am having a hard time with the realization that my once strong friendships are no longer as strong. I feel disconnected with them. The limitations the pandemic has set for all of us have been great. I am unsure if I will ever regain those friendships 
supporter:I understand that.  The pandemic has been very hard to keep connected with everyone. Have you tried talking to your friends about how you are feeling?
seeker:Yes, I have tried to message them daily, but the responses have always been clipped and or the response comes after couple days. I do feel other friendships have formed within each community, feeling a bit left out. I feel silly, like a teenage girl, who wants to be included. Just want to feel as though I am still part of their lives. 
supporter:It's completely normal to feel like that. I have been in your exact shoes.  I would suggest inviting one of them out for lunch or dinner and express face to face how you are feeling right now.
seeker:I was thinking the same thing, but I am unsure I feel awkward now, I feel like I do not them as I thought I did. I am unsure why I feel this way. one of them is my daughters god mother and the text are there but they are not like they use.. I am unsure if I should ask why she has time for others and not us... just saying it makes me feel weird
seeker:anyone there?
supporter:She may be going through something at home or having family issues.  We truly never know what the other person is going through unless we have that uncomfortable situation. My suggestion would be to rephrase that question slightly to her.  
seeker:I agree with you, just seems really strange since we were inseparable before the pandemic. I am also aware many are going through this situation just thought my friendships were stronger and distant would not be an issue. 
seeker:I will, never did I think I would hesitate whats going on.. 
supporter:It's completely natural.  Instead of texting her, have you tried calling?
seeker:Yes, I have. The conversation have been superficial, like small talk. There is nothing to share, I am guessing. My daughter has had lots of dance functions despite the pandemic and yet I have not felt supported. Perhaps shes not okay with venturing out during the pandemic.. though I do see on social media shes meeting other friends in social settings. 
seeker:Perhaps I need to be more open and not be so distant? Maybe its me and I am not seeing it?
supporter:How long have you been friends?
seeker:we are both 35 and we met in pre K. we are lifetime friends. shes a sister to me. At some point our parents use to live in the same apartment complex, our parents are great friends as well. 
seeker:I was there for her babies birth, when she found out what she was having. We have shared grand moments together. 
supporter:You both have been friends for such a long time.  I'm so jealous of friendships like that. I would definitely ask her for lunch.  You all have been through so much together. This conversation with her would be a weight off your shoulders. 
seeker:Yes, shes the serious one and I am the loud and carefree one. So having our roles a bit reverse has me a bit, weirded out. I am an only child, and perhaps that makes me feel extremely unconfident. I am sure if asked, she would respond I am just being needy. eh, I will ask, since the pandemic ive only seen her once. 
supporter:I do not think she would respond that way at all. Once she sees that this has you concerned about your friendship, she will take it serious and open up to you.
seeker:You are right! thank you for the reinsurance. I hate that I am this way. 
seeker:you have helped me so much today, thank you for helping see things differently. 
supporter:I'm an only child as well so I understand how you are feeling :)
supporter:you are welcome! Glad I could help!
seeker:AWESOME! then you know the overwhelming need (sometimes) of being included. 
seeker:I think I have a plan, lunch and talk to her about how I am feeling, shes always been so understanding, I miss her babies so much.
supporter:Yes! It can be frustrating at times. But it sounds like you have a plan in order. You just need to execute it.
seeker:Yes, I do , thank you! have a wonderful weekend. 
supporter:You as well!

supporter:Hi, How are you?
seeker:i'm kind of tired, you?
supporter:I'm okay. What is making you feel tired?
seeker:This job I work in because its hard getting a better one
supporter:So you are looking for a better job?
seeker:I tried but no one ever calls but or pays too little for the amount of work expected 
supporter:Yes, I have observed that about the job market too.
seeker:yea, and almost done with school but depression kept me from pulling myself out of bed to get an internship so I messed up
supporter:You are feeling down about that situation.
supporter:Have you gotten advice from the school about what to do?
seeker:yea but I feel like a failure because I see people younger than me there also and demotivates me further
supporter:Everyone progresses at their own rate.
supporter:It sounds like your mood has been a challenge for you to complete school.
supporter:Not everyone has to go through that, so try to be understanding of yourself.
seeker:thanks, I wouldn't be so hard on myself if I had more support from my parents also
supporter:Do they know that you are struggling?
seeker:yea but they don't really care because they are more focused on fighting with each other and working
supporter:It sounds like they have a lot of their own problems.
supporter:Is there someone else you could talk to?
seeker:I have a friend who i talk to but I feel bad imposing so much
supporter:Do you listen to his or her problems too? 
supporter:You could check in with your friend to see how they are feeling about your communication.
seeker:yea I do, they also had their own issues so they understand me sometimes but it does help to vent sometimes
supporter:When people feel they are burdening their friends, it sometimes means they should find a counsellor to talk to.
supporter:Venting is important, it's true.
seeker:yea I did that and it helped me cope a lot better since I don't hurt myself anymore at least
supporter:That's really positive.
seeker:yea! also thank you very much for letting me vent it does help a lot
supporter:You're welcome. 
supporter:I know what it's like to not know the future and to be depressed.
seeker:Thank you very much for listening and hope you have a good day! 
supporter:You too!

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hi, how are you today?
seeker:Oh, I'm okay. I'm just tired of everything and it has me down.
supporter:I see, I've been feeling that way too recently.
supporter:Is there anything in particular that has you upset or just life in general?
seeker:Just life in general, I guess. I'm tired of covid. I'm tired of worrying about my mom and not going out and everything
supporter:That makes total sense. Covid's been going on for so long, life is so different now. 
supporter:Do you want to talk about what's going on with your mom?
seeker:She's high risk, so we have to be careful who we come in contact with. We try to limit time in public and all that. I order groceries for pickup at walmart so i dont have to go in, and my schooling is all online so i dont have to go to class. 
seeker:She's been fighting cancer. She's in remission now, but her immune system is still compromised and we have to be even more careful than we usually would have to be
supporter:I think it's really great that you're doing all that for her! It must be extra hard to have to limit public interactions even more than most people.
supporter:That sounds so stressful to have to be worried about her on top of everything else. I'm so sorry you're going through that.
supporter:Have you been able to keep in contact with friends through video chat? That's something that can sometimes help when feeling isolated. 
seeker:Yeah, we text and have group chats and stuff, and we snapchat a lot. It's been a while since I saw any of them, though. At least we have that, though.
seeker:And yeah, it's really stressful worrying about her. And she feels so bad because I can't see my friends or go in the store or to school
supporter:It sounds like you don't think the online interactions are a good substitute for in-person things. Does that sound right? 
supporter:Ah, that sounds like kind of a cycle of guilt going on. Where she feels bad about you not being able to go out, and you feel bad about her feeling bad. 
seeker:Yeah, it does. I don't need a lot of in-person interaction. I'm an introvert, so this was all just fine when it started. But even introverts need to be around people sometimes.
supporter:Yeah that makes complete sense. It seems like you have a good idea of who you are and what your needs are. 
seeker:Yes, it does seem like the cycle of guilt.... I try not to let her see how much this is affecting me, but she's my mom and she can tell... 
supporter:I wonder if you could do something like take walks in the park with friends, or see them with masks where you're really socially distanced from everyone
seeker:Yeah, I'm pretty good at self-analysis lol
supporter:I really hope things get better for you. Covid should be ending soon hopefully with the vaccine, and things will start to go a bit back to normal
seeker:Oh that's a really good idea! That might be something we can do. It won't be quite the same, but it's better than nothing. I'll ask my mom's doctor if that will be okay.
seeker:Thank you. Hopefully it will, and hopefully she will be able to get the vaccine soon, too. 
supporter:Yeah! I hope that works out for you. I've been finding getting outside and doing things with others has been helpful both for social and exercise. 
supporter:It's been really nice chatting with you :)
seeker:You too!

seeker:Thank you for listening to me today.
supporter:No problem! How are you doing? How can I help you today?
seeker:I am nervous about receiving another pay cut and reduced hours. I dont think I can handle it financially, the fear is real.
supporter:I am very sorry to hear that. Facing pay cuts at work can be a very stressful situation. 
supporter:Are there situations or moments that specifically make you feel like this is going to happen? Or are you just feeling a general sense of anxiety and fear it might happen?
seeker:Yes, specially with the disastrous winter storm I underwent. Makes me nervous if our state decides to shut down to combat the pandemic. I am unsure as to what to do
seeker:I believe its more of a general sense of anxiety. I had to take a 25% pay cut with reduced hours, it was a complete lifestyle change. Not only for myself but for my children
supporter:I can definitely understand why that would be difficult.  Dealing with uncertainty during the pandemic is extremely difficult, as there are so many unforeseen circumstances.  
supporter:One thing that helps me out in those moments, is to remember that there are things in the world and life that I can control, and others that I can't control. 
seeker:Yes, I could not agree with you more. Specially now that I have tapped into my savings and retirement. Never in life did I think I would worry about paying my light bill. 
supporter:It seems like the best thing you can do at the moment is try your best to do the best you can at your job. If there will be paycuts, you might not be able to prevent it. But at least you will know that you gave a valiant effort. 
seeker:Thank you for the kind words. I have control of some aspects. Perhaps I will apply for an additional job, just to ensure I have a steady income. Thank you for the guidance. If you dont have any other advice we can end our interchange after this reply.
supporter:I just wanted to remind you to remember, anxiety about something that has not happened yet is not always helpful to yourself. By focusing directly on what you can do, you can make sure you are prepared for anything negative coming your way. 
seeker:Thank you, I will keep that in mind. 
supporter:Is there anything else you need help with?
seeker:No, not today I feel a lot more calm and gained a better understanding of my emotions and the situation I am finding myself in. 
supporter:Good, I am very glad to hear that. I am wishing you the best in the future and definitely feel free to contact me if you need support again!
seeker:Same to you, thank you for understanding and offering really good advice, i am guessing I had forgotten that there are things I can control 
seeker:I am unsure how to end our chat
supporter:Do you need any help with any other questions? Otherwise, there is a quit button on the side.
seeker:No, thank you for putting everything in perspective for me. goodbye.
supporter:You're welcome. Don't hesitate to contact me again! Have  a great day. 

supporter:Hi Can I help you
seeker:Hi, I'm having trouble with this distance learning. It seems more difficult than in-class learning. Most of my teachers just post lessons on the classroom website, and there's not a lot of guided instruction. My grades are slipping. I'm used to getting mostly A's, and now I'm mainly making Cs. It has me really anxious.
supporter:My son have same issue. We have to deal with this covid situation.
supporter:I can understand how you feel. It is very difficult
seeker:Yes, I'm so tired of it! I never thought I'd say this, but I'm ready to go back to school!
supporter:School started already . That good idea to go and attend 
seeker:We aren't doing in-class learning. My mom is high-risk so I'm not attending to minimize possible exposure. The option is there, but if you can't because of health reasons, they let you stay home and do online learning all week. For my mom's sake, that's what I'm doing.
supporter:You are so kind. Thinking about your parents. Only few months you have to deal. She will get vaccine soon
seeker:Hopefully she can get the vaccine soon. She's afraid of it because it's new, but she knows she has to get it. 
seeker:She's been talking to her doctor about setting up an appointment. I've heard the second dose can make you feel pretty gross, so that's what I'm worried about. I hope it doesn't affect her too bad.
supporter:I got last week my first dose. Tell her not to be scared at all.
supporter:Don't worry at all. Believe me
seeker:Oh that's great! Does it hurt? I know I should get it eventually but I'm low on the priority list cuz I'm healthy. But I'm afraid to get it because I'm terrified of needles lol
seeker:Thank you, you're too kind
supporter:Not at all. It is very easy. Easier than flu shot
seeker:Oh, good. That does make me feel better. Thank you for that.
supporter:Your welcome
seeker:I hope once she's able to be vaccinated, I'll be able to get back in the classroom for learning. Then maybe my grades will improve
seeker:Covid has had me very anxious the past year. School hasn't been as easy as it used to be, and I've been worried about my mom getting it.
supporter:Definitely. I am assuring you will be fine very soon.
seeker:Thank you for saying that. This has made me feel much better. 
supporter:Good luck

supporter:Hello, How can I help you today?
seeker:I'm scared about my future
supporter:Can you tell me more about why you are scared for the future?
seeker:I got fired because of Covid, and I don't know how I'll be able to find a job and have an income.
supporter:It seems that Covid has had a negative effect on your employment and financial insecurity is weighing heavily on you.
seeker:Yes that is correct, and with the job market, how am I supposed to find a secured job.
supporter:I can understand that feeling of insecurity, and how helpless you feel. I myself have been in the position of loss of income and financial insecurity in the past, and while it was hard while I was in the valley, I was able to walk out of it with some valuable lessons.
seeker:That is true, I just have to work hard for myself. I am learning valuable lessons like the idea that companies don't care about their workers, etc. Working more on myself sounds like the better option.
supporter:It sounds like you are already identifying areas of self improvement. A person with confidence in themselves and the ability to reflect and grow are promising attributes potential employers look for.
seeker:Thank you for all that you've done today, I couldn't get through it without you dude.
seeker:Thank you for your time today, hearing my concerns about the future!
supporter:You are so welcome. I know that you will succeed in your employment search as you have the skills and humility that potential employers are looking for.
seeker:I'll continue to keep on the lookout for new job opportunities, as well as improving myself for the long term. I appreciate it!
supporter:As you continue your job search, can you think of ways that you could trim your cost of living for the short term? Returning to the basics for a time could help save you money while you take the next steps with your career. Things like planning meals ahead of time, using items you already have instead of buying new, letting go of subscriptions you don't use daily or don't deem necessary.
seeker:I could definitely reduce my spending like going out less for fast food, cutting my Netflix and Hulu subscriptions, and prepare my own meals for the next week weeks, as I try to find a new job. This would definitely help with my concerns about income and financial security.
supporter:Our lifestyle seems to be all about convenience and instant gratification, I myself being guilty of wanting those as well. But I think when we strip our needs down to the basics for a while we allow ourselves to find what is really necessary, as well as what is truly important to us.
seeker:Very true, people definitely need to find their fitting for when things go wrong. Failure or bad events give us time to think about the important things in life, as well as our true needs.
supporter:And it is important to remember that everyone goes through cycles of feast or famine, and that when you are walking through a famine you yourself are not a failure. As long as you know you are doing your best to succeed under the circumstances you have been handed, you will never truly be a failure to yourself or to others.
seeker:Thank you, this has really helped me overcome my anxiety and fears of the events from the past year!
supporter:I am so glad you have been able to look within yourself to see that you have all the resources you need to handle this period of life. You have a optimistic attitude and a can do spirit, and those will take you far!
seeker:Thank you for your time, I'll have to be leaving now, this will help me for sure!
supporter:Enjoy the rest of your day!

supporter:Hello! Hope you are doing well! How can I help you today?
seeker:i am extremely stressed outat work
seeker:at *
seeker:I can barely switch off from work 
supporter:So your work load is giving you stress and you cannot change your job. Right?
seeker:yes that is correct ! Due to the pandemic, barely any jobs are available . it is very hard to find anything 
supporter:It is really hard time to find a job and work load is increasing due to less hiring. 
seeker:absolutely! Too many people are of a furlough scheme, but the work load is still the same ! it is absolutely manic ! i am working 4 departments at once 
supporter:It is really a lot of work. You might not have any spare time for yourself and family. Situation is really drastic. You should talk to your boss. 
seeker:My boss believes that I should just take the workload as it is. I dont know what to do.
supporter:I can understand your situation very well as it happened with me in past. In this scenario you should take small breaks to relax your body and mind. You will feel better. 
seeker:I hope so, I am very scared to lose my job, as my boss says I am not capable to do my work if i get stressed out so easily
supporter:Time is running bad for all of us. We have to take care of our health at this time. Stress can lead to so many disease and it will be hard to afford that extra burden in terms of time and money.
seeker:Do you think I am better off finding something else or at least try ?
supporter:Yes, you should keep looking for it with your current job. There is no harm in being prepared.
seeker:oh absolutely ! Do you think I should try out medication to help with stress?
supporter:You should consult a doctor for that. You can try yoga or meditation if you can take little time for yourself. 
seeker:I will give this a go! Are there any home remedies I can try ? I can barely get hold of my doctors, it is so hard to get an appointment!
supporter:You should try to give bit time to yourself. Try to talk to friends and family over the weekend. All these things always work for me.
seeker:sadly we are not alowed to go out in this pandemic , it is so hard to keep social .
supporter:That's true ! Still you can go and relax in your backyard with family or talk to them on phone. We will feel good.
seeker:Thank you for your advice, very halpful ! Thank you 
supporter:It is my work to help you out. Hope you are feeling bit relaxed. Take care

seeker:Hello, I've been really depressed lately and feel like there isn't anything I can do to break this feeling.
supporter:Can you tell me what happened?
seeker:November before Covid started I was diagnoses with CRPS (its a nerve issue that causes immense pain) and had to stop doing my activities like dance, then when Covid hit last March and we all had to isolate I have not been able to interact with people outside my immediate family.
supporter:So you suffered from a nerve issue pain and not being able to do the activities you like to do before Covid. Plus Covid made u not able to social with other people. Is that correct?
seeker:Yes that is correct
supporter:I feel isolated as well after long time quarantine. It's like living alone in the forest. 
seeker:I know I'm not alone and that's what makes it hard to reach out, because I don't want people to think that I think my problems are worse then there's.  It just seems like everyone was happy to find different ways to stay in touch when the lockdown all first started but the longer it goes on the less everyone seems to be trying to connect.
supporter:I bet there are lots of people feel the same as you do. But they are afraid of sharing the negative emotion to others as you do. 
supporter:It seems that you don't want to bother others. You seem a very thoughtful person. 
seeker:I just don't know what to do about it anymore
seeker:Yes, I don't like to bother others or let other people down
supporter:That will give yourself too much emotion burden for sure. 
supporter:Have you visited a physician for suggestion of your pain relief?
supporter:Maybe yoga will be a more gentle way to replace dancing. What do you think? 
seeker:It is a lot, I'm used to being the person that everyone comes to for help, but I am not very good at asking for help myself.  I have seen a doctor and they started my new medicine regimen but unfortunately there is no cure for this disease.  I was going to physical therapy but finished that right as Covid started.
seeker:Plus it does get better as the weather gets warmer so the winter has been hard, really looking forward to spring and summer for a little relief
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that no good medicine for your issue rite now. 
seeker:I'd be open to doing Yoga once things open back up, but having this disease puts me in a high risk category so my interaction outside the home still has to remain limited until we develop some heard immunity.
supporter:I know. Sunshine is always best cure for a better mood. Did you try to maybe walk or drive around your neighborhood for some fresh air? 
supporter:Oh, then drive around might be the only option
seeker:I'm hoping to get out and go for walks once the weather warms up, unfortunately right now there is still some snow on the ground and it's not quite warn yet being in the northeast
supporter:Ye. You did the right choice. Safety is always the first concern 
seeker:I did take walks along the path in our development last summer so the cabin fever wasn't as bad as it seems to be with all the snow that basically kept me inside all of february
supporter:Does where you live have a online social activity group on FB or an app called Neighbors?
supporter:That could be a good way to communicate with others in a safe way. 
seeker:The local FB group is only full of everyone complaining about everyone else (seems when everyone is home things seem to get on peoples nerves more so then when people could get away from home consistently) but I've never heard of the app Neighbors, I'll have to look into that.
supporter:Give that a try. Maybe you will meet some friends there. 
seeker:I will definitely have to look into that
supporter:Sounds great. I'm glad you didn't give up seeking for solutions to make yourself feel better
seeker:Getting someone else's perspective helps because like you recommending that app, there are things I don't know about out there so I appreciate that.
supporter:You are welcome! Glad I can help
seeker:You did thank you, and I hope you have a good day and a great weekend and stay safe yourself!
supporter:You too. Have a great weekend!!

seeker:hello
supporter:hello
seeker:i need som help, i feel so sad.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do for you? Please tell me what's wrong?
seeker:I think you can talk to me, maybe I will feel a bit better.
seeker:I had a breakup with my boyfriend. 
seeker:Feeling depressed, can you give me any advice?
supporter:For sure, I am happy to talk to you. I am sorry for your breakup. 
seeker:Thank you, but  I do not feel motivated to do anything. What should i do with my feelings?
supporter:Is there anything you want to do right now that helps maybe. For example, to eat something, to listen good music or take small walk in fresh air etc
supporter:I can feel you, it must be so hard to you. take your time do not think about a lot
supporter:when I have bad times, I just want to take a nap. It maybe help you feel better
seeker:I think you are right, maybe i just need to take a pause in my life for now, yeah I like to sleep. Thanks for supporting me. 
seeker:I think I will try what you said today
seeker:Maybe I will watch some movies and then take a nap
seeker:what do you think?
seeker:Are you here?

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello! 
seeker:I am not feeling very good about myself lately
supporter:Why are you not feeling very good about yourself, lately? 
seeker:I am a single mother, and I dont recieve any support from my childs father. I am struggling mentaly because I have no one to talk to. I have lost all of my friends since becoming a mom.
supporter: I understand how you feel. All will be well, you are going to be okay.
seeker:Thank you, but I feel like everyone says that.
supporter:So, just from my understanding you are a single mom and your friends have distant from you because oh this?
seeker:I think the main reason ive lost my friends is because I cant go out with them or hangout anymore because I have a baby. Im not fun anymore. I had my child young so I feel like I lost out on my youth
supporter:It sounds like its been really tough for you and wish you had more support from your friends and even your child's father. 
seeker:Yes, thats right. But Im having trouble accepting the fact that I have to do this alone. 
supporter:I myself am single mum so I understand how you feel. You will find also that there are many others dealing with this issue so you are not alone
seeker:Can I ask, as a single mother yourself, what was something that got you through those hard times? And was it hard financially?
supporter:What go me through those difficult times was seeking for counselling also I had family that were very supportive and helpful. The father of my child did not pay child support at first so I took him to court eventually and he was forced to start paying child support, so financially things got better.
seeker:My child's father has six other children and said hes at the max on child support. I guess I wont be getting anything from him. But Ive been making it work, its definitely been hard, but Im getting some money saved to give my daughter a better life. 
seeker:Thank you so much for talking with me today
supporter:What about your family members are they able to help look after your child whilst you work?
supporter:You are welcome 

supporter:Hello! I hope that you are having a wonderful start of your day so far
seeker:Hello ,y day was good though stressed
supporter:Tell me more about it. What made your day stressed?
seeker:i have been auctioned
supporter:I'm not sure what you mean by that? Can you clarify what you mean by that?
seeker:my properties have been auctioned by the bank 
supporter:it seems that you are having a bad day, mostly attributed to the fact that your properties have been auctioned by the bank. Correct me if I'm wrong
seeker:Yes you are correct the problems with the bank how do i solve not to sink into depression
supporter:So, I have also struggled with that in the past. The way that really helped me put things into perspective is to cut off some of the vice you have in your life!
seeker:the banks are driving me into depression 
seeker:am struggling to make ends meet
supporter:I know it's a tough situation, but I know that you can do it. 
supporter:Would recommend seeking conversations with friends or family
seeker:thank you yes i think that will do me better
supporter:By speaking to those who are close with you, you will definitely feel relief.
supporter:I want to let you know that you are going to make it. There is light at the end of the tunnel and only you can be alter it with your willpower.
supporter:I believe in you.
seeker:thank you i feel energized now
supporter:I'm really glad you are feeling that way!
seeker:will speak to a close friend and a family member
supporter:please do and remember that they are only there to help you, as I am sure they love you very much.
supporter:Likewise, I will in contact with you and there are plenty of resources online that you may consult if you are not feeling well.
seeker:do onlone help
seeker:do online help
supporter:yes, there are plenty of online help!

supporter:Hello!  How are you today?
seeker:Much better than normal, even though the stock market is down.
supporter:Are you an investor?
seeker:I am a student that tries to put as much money into as possible. 
supporter:I can certainly understand the struggle with being at that stage in life.  Has this affected you negatively?
seeker:No the stock market really doesn't cause stress for me, mostly just small things that I think my brain overreacts to.
supporter:What sorts of things?
seeker:Kind of a variety of things. I typically get bad anxiety after a night of going out. So I am trying to cut out drinking.
supporter:So you feel that the drinking itself gives you the anxiety?  Do you suffer from anxiety when you do not drink ever?
seeker:Sometimes but I think the root from them comes from when I do something while I'm drinking. Not that I do anything bad, but I just  don't like not remembering things.
supporter:So you would say that you drink to the point of blacking out? Or you just seem to get foggy on details when you've had a reasonable amount of alcohol?
seeker:I used to black out a lot, but I have tried to control it by cutting the former amount of drinks I consumed in half, if I do choose to go out.
supporter:I have drank to the point of blacking out several times in my life mostly when I was younger and I found that it either came from a certain type of alcohol or mixing different types.  Have you noticed it could be related to that or simply the amount of alcohol you are drinking?  
seeker:It is typically the amount I'm drinking, but cutting out drinking as a whole has probably helped me the most.
supporter:Certainly making sure that you only drink a certain amount like a couple drinks of beer or only a shot of harder drinks might alleviate this or refraining from mixing drinks.  Sometimes also it could be due to the company you keep...the amount you drink.  Do your friends encourage you to drink more?
seeker:They don't necessarily attempt to get me to drink more in volume, but I do have to tell them I'm not gonna go out for the night. 
supporter:Are they okay with it when you decline?
seeker:Yes after one or two statements they give up. 
supporter:Okay so they ask you a couple of times and then they move on.  That's good that they don't push you too much.  Certainly keep with it if not drinking helps you to not make bad decisions.  I'm sure you have other interests in life that maybe you could drag your friends out to enjoy so that might help...sober fun!  Also if you find that you're struggling with not drinking that might be a time to look for support.  Maybe see a therapist as there may be psychological reasons you can not refrain from drinking.  Maybe look into a group like AA or something similar to share your struggles with others.
seeker:Thanks for the ideas and the help, have a good day
supporter:You have a good day as well!  

seeker:I feel heavy pressures from my parents, they also want me to be the top of the class but I find it tough because they are other top students
seeker:Please what do I do?
seeker:Hello?
supporter:Hi! how are you doing today?
seeker:Not so good, I'm feeling down
supporter:It sounds like you have low energy. What makes you feel down?
seeker:My parents keep putting pressures on me to be the best in the class and with my learning difficulties I am finding it had to cope 
supporter:I can understand parental pressure. They want to see you to be a successful person. Sometime it is overwhelming. you should talk to them that you are doing your best.
seeker:I have tried, I am even doing extra classes but they still keep on putting pressure on me. On top of that all my friends have distant from me for no reason and they ganged up on me to bully me 
supporter:It must be tough time for you. show your work report to your parents and try to tell them all the people are born with different potential.
seeker:Hmm...That doesn't seem like a bad idea. I am just worry that my parents will not be very understanding. My parents are too strict and they don't like to hear any complaints or excuses.
supporter:Most of the parents behave like this when it is regarding their kids future. When I was in school same thing happened with mw. They know us very well I realized now.  Try to talk to them everyday for a while. It might work.
seeker:Maybe you're right! Although, my parents have a very busy schedule but fingers crossed when I do find time to talk to them they will understand me. 
seeker:I sometimes feel like someone older needs to talk to them, maybe then my parents may take it more seriously
seeker:Well! Thanks I give what you said a go
supporter:Hope you are feeling bit relaxed now. 
seeker:Yes! I feel a lot better now that I know someone understands how I feel 
supporter:I am glad that I am able to make you happy. 
seeker:One more thing
seeker:How should I respond to the friends that are ganging up on me?
supporter:sure! You don't have to worry about that. that should be their problem. just ignore them or don't give attention. They will stop doing it for sure.
seeker:Hmm..interesting because now that I think about it, I believe this could have contributed to the stress and anxieties that I have been experiencing. When I don't get support from anyone I feel so alone, timid and down 
supporter:Try to take small break while studying and try to relax 
seeker:Yes, I find that has helped me a bit also because I have quite a short attention span . Also, I am currently on the path of trying to find more unique techniques to help revision more fun and exciting for me 
supporter:That's great! you will do awesome.
seeker:Thank you very much! I feel much better now and I've taken on board what you said, hopefully there will be a positive change in my parents character. :)
supporter:You are welcome!
seeker:Alright! Well I'll talk to you some other time to give an update 
supporter:Sure! take care
seeker:Thanks you too! :)

seeker:Hello 
supporter:hello how are you
seeker:i'm doing fine, but not well, what about you?
supporter:im good, what is not going well?
seeker:I have problem, can't find the job, I'm in the depression right now, cause od covid I can't find even the simple job. 
supporter:ok lets talk about this, so you are feeling depressed because you cannot find a job due to covid
seeker:Yes, you are right 
supporter:im sorry that you feel this way, covid is really making it difficult to find work. I also have not been able to get a job due to covid
seeker:I understand you. In my situation, I need to pay for my bills, and for rent of the apartment. What do you think, what can help me, to get from that. I have a lot of outcome, and no income. And it get me into depression
supporter:are there any resources avaible to you such as unemployment or other local agencies that might be able to help you pay your bills?
seeker:No, as I'm from foreigner in UK, and don't have all needed documents, I need to do it by my self
supporter:that sounds really difficult 
seeker:Yh, I know
supporter:do you have any family that could possibly help you through this time
seeker:Yes, actually it really can help. 
supporter:maybe contact them after we are done talking and tell them what is going on 
seeker:Yes, i understand it. 
supporter:is there anything else that you would like to talk about or ways I can help you?
seeker:No, that was my problem, that can be solver by talking with my relatives. Thanks for help!
supporter:OF COURSE! I wish you the best
seeker:Thanks

seeker:hello
seeker:are you there?
supporter:hello
supporter:how are you today?
seeker:im upset with my current job they don't value me as a person
supporter:wow, you mean they don't give you credit 
supporter:that's not good
seeker:yes they show favoritism, and i feel over looked
supporter:are you sure you gave in your best still?
seeker:i gave 100%. Every week they score us and mines is always 100% but when they recognize people they never call my name. 
supporter:everything is going to be ok, eventually they are going to know what they are missing because it once happen to me once at where i worked in New Jersey 
seeker:what did you do?
supporter:you will soon get your praise. Trust me
seeker:but what did you do?
supporter:what i did was that i continue to do everything in my power to make the company better. one day i was recognize for my achievement and that was how my reputation sky rock 
seeker:but did it make you feel like just leaving the company for a better one that would appricate you?
supporter:i considered that option many times but i also have it at the back of my mind that, champions don't quit and i am no coward.
seeker:that was very helpful thank you
supporter:you are very much welcome. just remember that you are better than what anybody might think of you. just be patient, your time will come 
seeker:I will try not to give up 

seeker:hi
supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:hello
seeker:hi i am  not feeling too well
supporter:I am sorry to hear.  Why are you not feeling well?
seeker:I just found out that my husband has been cheating on me
seeker:hello
supporter:I am so sorry.  I have been in relationships before and cheated on and it is difficult.  However, you can learn many valuable lessons on what you look for in your next relationship.  It will make it stronger and better in the long run!
seeker:i have not been able to get out of the house and i feel so upset and disgusted. i have a one month old child and i dont know what to do anymore. Should i leave him and how can i go on in life now
seeker:helllo
supporter:I understand that it can be extremely difficult.  Why do you feel you are unable to get out of the house?  Would assistance caring for the child help you?
seeker:i feel ashamed and ugly and rejected . i dont want anyone else to take care of my child
seeker:i feel so stuck in my life
supporter:You should not feel that way!  You are a great parent for your child and going out and participating in a hobby that you both enjoy can possibly help.  
seeker:yes I understand that but how do i deal with my marital issues
seeker:i feel very sad about what has happened
seeker:i have not eaten since yesterday 
supporter:Do you think counseling could help fix your relationship?  Eating is important and you should eat to receive the necessary vitamins and nutrients
seeker:i can try councelling
seeker:should i still talk to my husband
supporter:Counseling can be a great option.  If you feel that your relationship can be fixed and you are both committed to each other, counseling can be a great option for both of you.  If you do not, some counseling for yourself may be a great option as well
seeker:i will look into this. can you recommend a counceller
seeker:hello
supporter:I do not have a recommendation due to potential geographical differences, but on google.com you can search counselors in your area and find some.  The reviews may help you decide on a solution
seeker:should i tell my husband about this
supporter:If you feel it is necessary to discuss with your husband you can, but if you do not, you do not have to.  You may be able to speak to a counselor and ask their opinion too
seeker:i feel ashamed now when i look at myslef coz i feel that my husand cheated coz i am ugly
supporter:You should not feel that it is your fault.  You are a great individual, and he made a decision which is now hurtful to you and your child.

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hi
supporter:How can I help you
seeker:I am not happy. I lost my job.
supporter:Oh, thats bad.
supporter:When you lost your job?
seeker:about 4 months ago.
supporter:In which field you are looking for?
seeker:Bus driver and/or Production  
supporter:You can try as a school driver. As school now opened You will get it
seeker:That is what I did do but with union rules and bidding rights. There is not enough work 
supporter:Try Uber and that is good choice as you are not doing anything.
seeker:I tried but my cat is not new enough for their rules.
supporter:Oh ok Take deep breath and just keep applying.I am sure you will get something good. Believe in god!
seeker:God has been my source of comfort he's my everything!
supporter:That's really good. Keep trying your best . Apply everyday for job. You can start with grocery stores . I am assuring you that good time will come soon.
seeker:Than-You it's is good to talk about this I feel better.
seeker:I will try to go to grocery stores maybe even can do deliveries.
seeker:Are you there?
supporter:yes
seeker:I am not so sad not . I will look for other suggestion you gave me.
seeker:I cannot get unemployment because I only worked part-time
supporter:That is nice to hear from you. I thinks you are happy now

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello there. What is on your mind today?
seeker:I am stressed because I must learn through classes on ZOOM instead of a regular class.
supporter:What is it about the Zoom classes that you find stressful?
seeker:I am learned Excel, and the teacher is presenting her excel sheet, but Zoom is on my phone and it is hard to learn on a tiny screen.
seeker:learning*
supporter:I can relate to that totally. I have had a hard time learning Zoom too. Mostly I have trouble with the audio though. It can be frustrating
seeker:It is frustrating, and last week, I had a panic attack shortly before class started. My ears were pounding and I could hear nothing the instructor was saying through my earbuds. 
supporter:I know that is very difficult. When our anxieties take over it can be hard to think clearly. 
supporter:Have you tried casting the zoom on to a larger screen?
seeker:Yes. It is also hard to concentrate when my nephews are at home. Most of the monitors and TVs are taken by other household members, but I think I will buy another monitor. 
supporter:I think getting yourself a new monitor is a great idea!
seeker:I have a laptop, but I need it full screened for Excel and Zoom takes up too much space, so that is why I had it on my phone. But I think a second monitor is an excellent idea, thank you. 
supporter:In the meantime, take some deep breaths when you feel yourself start to get anxious. It may be helpful to explain the situation to your teacher as well
seeker:I agree! 
supporter:It sounds like you are trying to solve the issue but get overwhelmed like we all do. I think you are doing a great job. All of this new stuff is difficult to learn
seeker:Thank you so much for your help.
seeker:I will tell my teacher as well.
supporter:You're welcome!
supporter:Are there any other things on your mind?
seeker:Yes, I think it's hard to concentrate when others are at home during covid.
seeker:Nephews are learning from home as well, but they get breaks and they try to get my attention when I am trying to study.
supporter:Have you tried explaining to them that you are trying to study?
seeker:Yes, but they are rowdy.
supporter:I can see where that would be frustrating
seeker:I think I will ask my sister if I can use the laundry room as a little office so that I can close the door.
supporter:Have you tried asking their parents to speak with them ? 
supporter:That is a great idea!
seeker:Yes, I will try to resolve something with her. Thank you.
supporter:You're welcome!

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hello, how can I help you today?
seeker:I'm really stressed with school exams
seeker:and I'm struggling with anxiety
supporter:Ah that sounds tough, why exactly are you stressed?
seeker:I have 3 big exams coming up at the same time, and they're all really important for my final grade.
seeker:I know I'm going to badly because I haven't been learning well during the pandemic
supporter:Okay, I understand, I see how that can also make your anxiety worse.
supporter:Currently, on a scale of 1-10 how well are you understanding your course material?
seeker:Probably 4. My roommates are just so loud and inconsiderate, I can't make any progress studying.
supporter:That's completely normal you haven't made any progress. That would make things so hard and I applaud you for coming so far with that going on!
seeker:I guess so. But if I fail or do badly on my exams it's really not going to be good. I'm on a scholarship and have to keep above a 3.0 gpa
supporter:Would you say your problems start with your roommates?
seeker:They're the biggest problem right now. But I think having to learn from home is the main problem. It's so hard in a tiny room with just a laptop. No library, no office hours, no study groups.
supporter:I completely understand, the same goes for me. It can be hard to keep up with grade expectations especially when money is on the line
seeker:Are you a student too?
supporter:Yes, and I completely get it! Its so hard to self-manage without the right resources
seeker:Yeah, I wish the professors and university would be more flexible
seeker:When the pandemic first started, we didn't have grades, and that was really helpful
supporter:Ah and then they started rolling in, correct?
seeker:Yeah, even though nothing has really changed
seeker:I feel like until way more people get the vaccine, we're still in the pandemic
supporter:Me too, unfortunately for us, universities don't seem t have the same sentiments.
supporter:For starters, I think it would benefit you to eliminate the more closer problems: your roommates
supporter:Have you tried talking to them?
seeker:Thanks for that suggestion. I have tried, but they are immature and just want to party. I've started staying in my room which helps, but is very isolating. I wish I could afford my own place
supporter:Makes sense, isolation makes it hard to form that connection. I can see your dilemma
supporter:Are you currently working?
seeker:No, just a student. I will try to get a job this summer.

seeker:Good afternoon
supporter:Good afternoon
seeker:I lost my job 1 month ago and I can't find a new one, I have fear and anxiety that soon I will have nothing to pay with for my rent. Would you be able to suggest me how to cope with my fear?
supporter:I am sadden to hear that. I'm sure if you think positive and try really hard you will find a job and thinking postive will help with your fear and anxiety. 
seeker:It's just I feel fear all the time, and now with this pandemic it's really hard to find a job. I have a feelings now that if I fail I have to go back to my country as a loser.
supporter:It sounds like the pandemic has caused you to feel fear and have anxiety, is that right?
seeker:It some sort of way, I lost my job because of it and my girlfriend is not talking to me as well now...
supporter:It sounds like you are under a lot of stress and don't have a way to realse that stress.
seeker:Ah could be, what could you suggest me to do?
supporter:You can try yoga, or doing activities that cause you to feel relax. 
seeker:I can try, but I don't see how it will help me to find a job. I barely can sleep at nights
supporter:Getting a lot of rest or releasing stress will improve your fear and anxiety, which will lead to a more positive attitude to finding a job. Having a more postiive attuide well help you find a job. 
seeker:Do you think interviewers see that I have a fear and anxiety and that's why I don't get a job? 
supporter:Of course they do. They can sense those emotions and take that into consideration when they are interviewing you. 
seeker:Oh ok I will try yoga then. If it will not help me what else I can try?
supporter:You can try to mediate and not focus on such negative things. 
seeker:Can I have any medications to intake to easy fear? 
supporter:I am sure they have those, but of course you will need a doctor's opinion. 
seeker:yeah I will, Thank you so much for today I feel better now.
supporter:Your most welcome.

seeker:hi, can you help me?
supporter:Hello  What is on your mind today?
seeker:Well, school has just been getting so stressful, I don't have the motivation to keep up in class
supporter:so your not feeling motivated to do you school work?
seeker:yeah
supporter:Thats tough , do you have a set school time?
seeker:Kind of, but the schedule is a bit weird, like every other day I only have an afternoon class and on the others I have both morning and afternoon, and if a teacher has a meeting then no class. Now that I'm saying it I guess it is a bit irregular.
supporter: it sounds like your schedule is different almost everyday. I know I find schedule changes like that to be hard to manage 
seeker:Yeah, my sleeping schedule is also very irregular due to this. At most I get 5 hours on a good day
supporter:ouch without the right amount of sleep , everything is difficult. Have you thought of setting your own schedule to follow?
seeker:I'm not really good with stuff like that, every time I try and make a schedule for myself I end up disregarding it because there's just no point
seeker:Also I think i should mention that I do online school through google meet
supporter:no point- what do you mean by that ?
seeker:I mean that its not like anyone is holding me to the schedule anyways, and I feel like I should spend my time doing something I like instead, you know?
supporter:I see - you find it hard to stay motivated when something pulls your attention to something you are more interested in doing . Does that sound right ?
seeker:yeah, thats right
supporter:Have you thought about why doing your school work is important ?
seeker:Yeah, I know its important and I always end up finishing it, it just seems like there is not enough time and the feeling drags me down. I don't have long until I graduate, but I cant find the motivation. Instead of learning in class, I end up teaching myself the content two hours before an assignment is due.
supporter:have you thought about scheduling free time for your self ? It can give you something to look forward to and help keep you motivated /Almost like a reward for finishing your school work
seeker:I schedule free time for myself during classes, after classes and throughout the day, its never been like a reward though
supporter:maybe if you only schedule free time and school work time - you can use it as a reward- plus it would help you stay on task 
seeker:true, how do i stop myself from turning it into all free time though?
supporter:good question- changing any pattern takes practice . You could use the 3 r's  Reminder- Routine and Reward   
seeker:okay, that sounds good
supporter:great  so glad we came up with a plan 
seeker:yeah, thanks for the help
supporter:no problem  thanks for sharing your story 

seeker:Hello, I hope you can help.
supporter:Hi there! How can I help you today?
seeker:I am depressed and have zero motivation, especially at work.
supporter:I hear you. Is there a particular reason why you might feel this way?
seeker:I don't know. I just don't have any energy. Life just has too many problems. It is too much weight to carry.
supporter:Is it that your life is just getting so stressful and busy that work feels like the last straw? Correct me if I'm wrong.
seeker:I guess work itself isn't the problem. My job is a little boring, but not that bad. I think everything else in life is just too much. And it leaves me with no energy for anything else, like work.
supporter:Ah, I understand that feeling completely. It's totally normal given the current situation and even without the whole virus situation, life is just tough.
supporter:Do you work in the mornings?
seeker:Yes, the virus doesn't help. And my parents have health problems which is scary. I start work in the morning. I work a normal 8 hour day, sometimes 9 or 10 hours.
supporter:Just from hearing that I can imagine your stress and how hard it must be to get through a single day.
supporter:Do you think it would be possible to get a day off or change your hours a bit?
seeker:Yes, it can be quite hard. Very exhausting. 
seeker:Yes, I do have time off. I plan on taking 3 days off at the end of the month.
seeker:For a small getaway.
supporter:Ah, that could be exactly what you need!
supporter:I suggest you take that time to completely detox and get away from work and your problems
seeker:Yes, I think that will help. And time spent reading. 
seeker:What do you suggest until then?
supporter:Until then, I suggest you prepare a little bit for the trip each day. Give yourself something to look forward to
seeker:Yes, that does help me feel good. I wonder if morning exercise might help?
supporter:For example, packing a bit of clothes each night or planning which places you'll visit
supporter:Yes! Morning exercise will definitely help eliminate stress  and make you feel better about your health and more comfortable
supporter:Take it slow and don't forget to breathe :)
seeker:Yes, that sounds nice. Breathing is great! I have been doing breathing meditation, which helps. 
seeker:THank you for the support.
supporter:No problem! Is there anything else I can help with today?
seeker:No, I think that is all!
seeker:Thank you for everything!
supporter:Have a great day and no problem!
seeker:You too!
supporter:I will, thanks

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hi, I am here to support you in anyway that I can how is your day going?
seeker:I am  feeling very low.  Negative thoughts are all around me. I am loosing interest in day to day work.
supporter:I understand what you are saying and have felt low at times in my life too. I am proud of you for reaching out for help and trying to get a new perceptive. You are making progress today.
supporter:Do you think it would help to give me an example of a time when you lose interest?
supporter:Maybe it will help if I share something that I have been experiencing lately. Recently, anytime that I watch a love story or a romantic comedy I become so sad that I end up crying through the end of it and needing to lay down from exhaustion. 
seeker:I dont feel like watching tv even. I have no interest
supporter:Okay, so youre saying that when you try to focus on tv you are unable to do so?
seeker:Yes, I dont feel like watching anything.
seeker:I am sitting whole day and doing nothing. sometime crying for no reason.
supporter:Do you have any close family? Are you in contact with any friends that you can talk to?
seeker:yes, but no one is near by. On phone it is hard.
supporter:Okay, have you recently moved away from your family? That sound very difficult being so far away.
seeker:I live far from my family due to my work.
supporter:Oh, I see. Well great job using your extra time to reach out for support. Did anything happen recently that has caused your distress? Have you broken up with anyone for example? 
seeker:I don't feel angry. I started crying for no reason . 
seeker:What should  I really want to come out of it. Not able to find what is making me like this. How can I come out of it.
supporter:Have you ever tried to journal your thoughts?
seeker:No, That is a great idea. I can do that. Thanks
supporter:Wonderful! I recommend ending each day with a journal entry and the record how you are feeling over all every three days. 
seeker:Hope it will work for me. any other suggestions? Thanks for all your help.
supporter:You're welcome! I also like to ask people if they are exercising because I find that it helps me and my mental health.
seeker:I will try to start that too. I am feeling bit good now. Thanks for all your support.
supporter:Thats is positive news. Have you ever tried doing yoga? I find that it is low strain on your body and can help with creating a quiet moment in your day.

seeker:good morning
supporter:Hi , how are you?
seeker:tired, how about you?
supporter:Good afternoon 
supporter:Why your tired? 
seeker:Is it afternoon where you are?
seeker:I'm still waking up, should have more coffee. And, I am just always tired, tired of everything these days
supporter:Yes , What happen why you are tired please can you explain 
supporter:ok , everything going ok
seeker:I think it's my depression. I have a very hard time getting motivated to do anything. Nothing seems worth it
supporter:Please can you tell why you are in depression ?
seeker:I have suffered with it all my life, but this past year has made it so much worse. I feel as if I have no control over anything as these stupid lockdowns go on and on and on
seeker:Are you a real person?
supporter:please engaged yourself in different actives that help you come out from this depression
seeker:I know that I need to do that, but it's pushing myself that is so hard. 
supporter:yes, everyone going in this situation because of lock down
seeker:For sure, and I know that so many are much worse off than I. 
supporter:yes i know that's hard put please try to engaged yourself in fun activates 
seeker:what do you do for fun? can you give me any ideas?
supporter:those activities that you like that you feel fun in it
supporter:here is also lock down situation from log time , how is there?
supporter:Why your in depression because of job or any thin else 
supporter:thing*
seeker:Same, wish I could move to another state where they have more freedoms. Also, it is still winter here so that does not help. I spend my time worrying about those hurt thru all of this...so many having depression, anxiety, increased overdoses, suicides and relapses.
seeker:I have always had this depression, think it must be a chemical thing, I don't know. I just never feel happy, since i was a kid
seeker:Quit my job recently because I was working helping people filing their unemployment and it was so stressful!
supporter:why please don't feel like that i hope you will come out from this very soon
seeker:I feel other's pain so much
seeker:thank you :) you sound like a nice person
supporter:yes , Thanks
seeker:can you tell me where you are? I am in the US, in Illinois
supporter:I'm in London
seeker:I hope you are real. It is good to connect with someone else!
seeker:Cool!!! I would love to hear your accent, lol
supporter:yes I'm real and i hope everyone come out from this
seeker:At least there is sun out today. How about there?
seeker:It's been nice chatting with you. I hope you have a good day! Do something fun
supporter:cloudy, windy as always here
seeker:haha...sorry about that! Be safe and hang in there. It's got to get better someday. It's on the way
supporter:Thanks , i hope i help you in all this your situation 
seeker:You have! Just to talk to someone is good. Thank you!
seeker:bye for now
supporter:your welcome, bye
seeker:have a nice day, and weekend....bye
supporter:You too, bye

supporter:Hey! How are you?
seeker:Im tired how are you 
supporter:I'm good but what makes you tired?
seeker:I dont sleep well anymore. Doctor says its part of the depression. Up 4 or 5 times a night. Eventually i give up and just stay up 
supporter:What makes you depressed?
seeker:Life!!!!! Bills!!! Feels like im drowning instead of keeping my head above the water!!! 
seeker:I feel like ill be okay though!!! I still have a little bit of positiveness in my head
supporter:You will be able to keep your head above the water thats the spirit! 
seeker:Just keep swimming right? Lol
supporter:Keep that positivity inside your head :)
supporter:And lol yeah do that
seeker:Will do thanks for the encouragment. 
seeker:It helps 
supporter:Yeah do your best :) 
supporter:Your welcome!
seeker:God bless you 
seeker:Hope all is well
seeker:Stay safe suring ths crazy pandemic
supporter:God bless you aswell :) I hope you get through this
seeker:During
supporter:You aswell stay safe
seeker:Im from florida where are you from?
supporter:Im from new york
seeker:Ah ive been to new york once. Just before all this stuff with the pandemic started. Very pretty state
seeker:Traveled trough it a few times as well
supporter:Yeah new york is a bit crowded than many other states, but its good
seeker:Flordia isnt far behind it but it has a ways to go to catch up. It was nice chatting with you. Hope your day is great
supporter:Hope you have a good day too

seeker:Are you there?
seeker:Just wanting advise on how to handle this?
supporter:yes i am here, how are you today? what is the problem your having?
supporter:hello im here thank you. how are you feeling today? whats the prpoblem your having?
supporter:hello. what are you having problems with?
seeker:Can you not see my problem above?
supporter:what are you habving issues with today
seeker:I wrote a long issue above
supporter:sorry i was having technical difficutlties, but i did not receive a message regarding what your having issues with. can you tell me again please
supporter:im sorry about that, but im here to help you as much as i can
seeker:I have a friend that was using heroin.  She said that she has quit and is getting help and is now on suboxone.  However, I am not sure if that is the case.  There are times that I am talking with her and she has droopy sleepy eyes and kinda nods off.  I have comfronted her but she denies any drug use and gets mad and says this is why addicts go back because they get acussed even when they arent using.  Any advise on what I should do?  Should I just leave it alone and home that she is getting the help she needs?  She has 3 kids too. 
supporter:so your probelm seems to be that you want to believe she is getting the help for her heroin problem, but you are hesitant becasuse of some of her actions when you see her>
seeker:yes that is correct.  I worry about her and her kids, but I am not sure if she is clean or not. 
supporter:thats a tough situation to be in with someone you care about, i went through a similiar situation with one of my parents, so i have somewhat of an idea where your coming from.
seeker:I just dont want to make her mad and steer her away from me
supporter:are you familiar with anyone else that knows her and her situation and have they shared the same concern? the issue is, suboxone is a narcotic as well, so if shes still getting used to the effects of suboxone, it may seem like shes still using heroin, when in reality shes just struggling getting used to the suboxone
supporter:maybe you could sit down with her, and without accusing her in any way, ask her how the new medicine is working for her and questions of the sort in order to get a judge of how she acts and how she answers, that may be able to give you a better idea of how much your suspicions are true or not
seeker:Yes and yes.  I have thought it could be the suboxone.  That is a good point. 
seeker:Thanks for your advice. 
supporter:thats what im here for. im glad i could give you some input today. i hope you can get this figured out and it isnt as it seems
seeker:Me too!  To be honest it is my daughter so that is even more alarming! 
seeker:They don't want to listen to family 
supporter:that must make it that much harder. just do what you can for her without pushing her away,  and pray to god she keeps herself on the recovery path. addiction is an evil and vindictive dicease, and it holds no boundaries. never give up on her, as its always key for someone struggling with addiction to always have someone they know they can talk to 
seeker:Thanks so much 
supporter:anytime. im glad i could help. have a wonderful day, and ill be sure to throw you and your daughter in my prayers. best of luck to you and god bless
seeker:Thanks again!  Yes please pray for her!!!
seeker:God bless you!!

supporter:Hello there, how are you today?
seeker:Hi, Thanks for talking to me today. I've been so upset about my boyfriend breaking up with me.  It was so unexpected.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. When did he break up with you?
seeker:He texted me yesterday!  Can you believe that?  We've been together a year and he broke up with me by texting me!!!  He couldn't even do it face to face!
supporter:That seems very cowardly to break up with you over text after being together for a year. 
seeker:Yes, I thought so too!  He knew I'd be upset and he didn't want to deal with me I guess.  He knew I wanted to get married some day from the very start.  He knew it didn't have to be soon.  I'm still in college.  I just want to know that he wants marriage some day but he decided that marriage is an institution he doesn't believe in.
supporter:That is a shame. I can understand his perspective if marriage is not something he wanted but it seems hurtful to string you along in  a relationship if your life goals were very different. Was your differing opinions on marriage the only reason he gave?
seeker:Yes, It was completely unexpected because things with us were going great.  I was completely blindsided.  We hadn't even talked about marriage lately.  He just knew that it was something that I wanted in the future.
supporter:That sounds very difficult. How have you been coping with the break up?
seeker:I've just been crying and laying in bed.  I called off work today.  I don't want to see anyone right now.
supporter:I think this is to be expected from a very fresh break-up. I know that when I broke up with my partner, I spent at least a few days crying and trying to figure out what my life would be now.
seeker:How 'd you get over it?
supporter:I tried to focus on other areas of my life and to critically reflect on my relationship. Largely, I threw myself into my work and tried to better that aspect of my life, and hung out with people that I knew cared about me. Both of those are very good distractions which you might be able to use.
seeker:Maybe calling off work was a bad idea...  all I'm going to do is think about this instead of doing something to take my mind off of it...
supporter:I think one day off to get the crying out of your system is a good emotional cleanse. We all need time to self care and look after our emotions. Maybe going for a walk or doing some yoga, to place your focus on something rather than being boxed into a room may help to shift your focus.
seeker:I think I'm going to get out of bed and do something to take my mind off of this .  Thanks for chatting with me today!
seeker:I think I'm going to do that!  There is a park by my house that I'm going to go for a walk in!  Some fresh air might be good for me!
supporter:You are more than welcome. I hope that you feel better by being outside. 
seeker:Thanks!  I hope so too!

seeker:hi
supporter:Hi! Hope you are doing well today. How may I assist you?
seeker:i am really depressed because of my friends
supporter:It seems you are badly hurt by your friend's action. Correct me if I am wrong.
seeker:yeah
supporter:So What's bother you a lot ? What happened which leads you to feel like this?
seeker:i have heard my friends talk behind my back
seeker:they are really nice in front of me
supporter:That is really bad. It must be hard for you to trust on them.
seeker:it is
seeker:i really don't know what to do
seeker:how can someone you count on do this to you?
supporter:How do you come to know that they are talking behind your back? you should talk to them and ask what is the cause that they can't directly talk to you. If something bothers you you should directly talk to that person. Sometime it gives a clear picture.
seeker:I accidently listened to there conversation
seeker:i asked them what was wrong by they pretend as if nothing has happened
supporter:I can imagine how stressed or shocking it would be for you. It is really hard to count on such friends now.
seeker:should i leave them?
supporter:Once one of my friends lied to me. I wanted to breakup with her. Before that I decided to clear the things that why she did that. Motive behind her lying was not bad. I forgave her and we are still best friends. So you should clarify the things or give them one chance.
seeker:i was also thinking the same
seeker:i know they are my true friends
supporter:leaving is really easy but having good friends are hard to find. Think about the time when you made wonderful memories.
seeker:i just don't want them talking when i am not around. if something's wrong with me.
seeker:just spill it out
supporter:Talk to them. They might feel guilty or in future they won't do that. Sometime we indulge in a conversation which starts with fun and later take the drastic turn. It might happen in your case.

seeker:Hi. Currently unemployed and this effects my impression of self as a person, husband and father. Doing mturk work and created a Youtube channel to share information gleaned during prison time.
supporter:Hi there. I understand how are you feeling. I have been looking for job for the past 5 months and it is a huge challenge.
seeker:Sorry to hear of you own challenge. Job search sites seem to have so much garbage out there.
supporter:Have you been looking online and try to apply for other jobs?
seeker:Yes, have emails coming in from several sites. At the same time though been helping out elderly parents with doctors, cleaning, cooking, etc. How about you?
supporter:I know most of them is not helpful and somethimes waste of time. It is important that you keep ypurself busy during this time
seeker:Hence doing the mturk work and creating content for the Youtube channel. This is part creative and hopefully income producing in the future. 
supporter:I'm doing some kinda gig jobs too. I have been selling a lot things on Ebay, same thing  i can use my creativity and dont let my mind go crazy
supporter:Yes, I believe Youtube channel is a great source for new opportunities nowadays 
supporter:Everybody is facing a challenge time right now, we are all together on this
seeker:Sounds like a similar situation. Not sure if these efforts will pay off long term but need to do something to maintain sanity. Youtube can pay something if there are enough hits and subscribers. 
supporter:Sure, in short term is a good choice. The most impoetant thing is looking foward always. For long term we are going to figure out something else
seeker:Having a religious base too can help. 
supporter:For me this is the powerful tool, I pray every single day
supporter:We need to be grateful for beeb alive and for been health.
seeker:Unfortunately, too many are at the base of the hill of the Lord and not climbing. Followers, not disciples. Hard to have gratitude when seeing other or thinking of our past. 
supporter:Yes but still has few that are on the right path. We need to keep our faith 
seeker:Encourage you to continue your journey. This life is but a blip in the eternal spectrum. 
supporter:Sure soon we are going to see the lights at the end of the tunnel.
seeker:Unfortunately making amends in some ways depends on having money which requires a job. 
supporter:What do like to do on your free time?
seeker:Working on a notebook of studies I did during my prison time. Content that is becoming the Youtube channel.
seeker:Also work out to stay fit and mentally healthy
supporter:Sounds interesting. I wish I had more ideas to do youtube as well but  I am not good doing this things.
seeker:Thanks for the effort. This task seems to be taking longer than I thought. 
supporter:Yes Im working out too not much as i wish.
supporter:Thank you 
seeker:Hard to work out when your bummed 
seeker:Going to sign out now.
supporter:Everything seens to be great effort I Know
supporter:Okay thank you for your time

supporter:Hello. How are you today?
seeker:Hey, I'm good. Doing well, how are you today?
supporter:Very well, thank you.
supporter:What's on your mind?
seeker:My girlfriend and I have been very distant from one another, we do have crazy work schedules and she also goes to school. 
supporter:That's tough. How long have you been together?
seeker:We have been together for 5 years, but lately we have been distant. A few text here and there but I feel like we don't enough effort and it feels weird between us. 
supporter:Five years is a long time, and to make a relationship work in the long term, you used the magic word..."effort."
supporter:Do you live together?
seeker:We live apart, I think thats the issue. She lives with her family and is closer to her school. Also due to covid and schedule, we are not able to meet in person. We tried virtual, but it takes time and its not really intimate.
supporter:It sounds like you are basically living in a long distance relationship, given the circumstances.
supporter:It's very hard to make a relationship work when you can't see each other in person. It takes a lot of effort.
seeker:I think thats the main issue, I'm trying to make it work and I think she is as well; but its hard. I'm not sure what to do. How to cope?
supporter:Do you think she shares your frustration and concern, and if so, have you talked about it with her?
seeker:We talked about it briefly, but havent spoke about in great detail. I'm just scared, that if we do, maybe we realize its not worth it and breakup. 
supporter:How much of this distance between you do you think is related to COVID measures?
seeker:It is a major issue since we live in NY and NJ, they are strict about lockdown and closing everything. I think its mostly work schedules, we become to tired to video chat. I feel video chatting takes more effort than just being together naturally.
supporter:Video chatting definitely isn't the same, or natural. It does take more effort, certainly.
supporter:How much did you see each other before COVID?
seeker:A few times a week. Do you recommend anything? Just have the talk and accept whatever happens. I just dont want to keep on wondering.
supporter:A lot of relationships right now are in "survival mode" due to the pandemic. The only way to make it through is with a lot of effort. This lockdown isn't going to last forever. You just have to make it through.
supporter:I would definitely suggest you talk to her and make sure you're on the same page, even if that's scary.
supporter:If she knows you want to find a way to make things work, then she'll work harder, too.
seeker:Yeah I understand, maybe I should put in more effort because I have less of the crazy schedule. Maybe send her things or send her messages. I feel that she is just working too hard, and maybe is tired and cant make the effort. i should be there and support her virtually if thats what it takes. 
supporter:I know you can just about anything delivered out there. I think a gesture of something tangible would be a good idea, whatever it might be. Maybe delivery of flowers and a pizza?
seeker:I think thats a good idea, I can do that. Maybe be make her day and feel better.
seeker:Thank you for helping, I probably thought too much of the situation and I'll put in the effort to make it work!
seeker:Feel a lot better now.
supporter:Just look for ways to stay connected and you'll make it through!
seeker:Thanks, have a good day!
supporter:You too!

seeker:I'm in depression because i have fair of i will lost my job 
supporter:Why do you believe you will loose your job? 
seeker:because lots of people in my office they lost their job
seeker:because of this job crises situation of covid
supporter:This Covid crisis has been effecting so many lives, I totally understand,
seeker:how is your situation?
seeker:yes all effect because of this Covid
supporter:I have been holding on and trying to see the positivity daily. I practice gratitude to show I appreciate what I do have
seeker:yes I'm also trying to come out from this situation
supporter:Have you thought about talking to your boss?
seeker:no i'm trying to talk but i couldn't 
supporter:i'm sorry , why were you not able to talk?
seeker:I'm just thinking but i couldn't i don't no why
supporter:I sometimes get nervous when I have to speak up about something that is important to me, can you relate?
seeker:I think because i have fear of  maybe i lost my job that's why
supporter:You will feel like you will loose your job if you speak up?
seeker:yes 
supporter:Honestly, I can see that being concerning for you
seeker:Thank you for thinking that much for me
supporter:You're welcome. Covid has hit many of us hard and each situation is just as important as the next!
seeker:yes , Thank you for your support
supporter:Support is needed in this new times!
seeker:Thanks, bye
supporter:Have a great day

supporter:Hello, how are you today?
seeker:Hi, I'm feeling pretty lonely today and don't have friends I can reach out to.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that - how about reaching out to any family members?
seeker:I have my husband, but with COVID he's the only person I've really had interactions with lately.  He's great, but it's just not the same as having a friend to turn to.  I feel every time I reach out to the friends I do have they are too busy with their families to talk.
supporter:I feel a lot of people are in your situation especially with Covid going on.  Do you connect with friends on social media at all (like facebook)?
seeker:Yea, I do comment on their social media and follow up with their lives there.  I do not actively post about my own life because we have been extremely cautious with covid as I am high risk, so we don't even go grocery shopping.  I think I am just feeling fatigued of being stuck inside, which makes me feel sad about everything else.
supporter:I can totally understand where you are coming from.  I think it is great that you are at least getting a little communication with facebook.  I am guessing you will be in line for a vaccination also in the up coming month which I think will help your mood as well.
seeker:Yes, I am awaiting my turn for the vaccine and I am very much looking forward to getting it so I can get back to some normalcy.  I miss being able to go shopping or sitting in a coffee shop.  These activities helped me in the past, so I look forward to being able to get out and do them again.  I used to visit my friends too and we'd have lunch or coffee at their house, but obviously I haven't been able to do that lately.  I will be able to once I get the vaccine.
supporter:I was able to get my first dose of this vaccine this past Sunday.  I was very surprised how good I felt this week like a weight being lifted off my shoulders.  I work with high school kids so it was nice not thinking about covid all the time.  I not it might not help for you today but I think it will give you something to look forward as you move forward in the upcoming weeks.
supporter:*I know
seeker:That's so exciting for you!  I am hoping I will be able to get mine in the coming weeks.  I've definitely been looking forward to getting it.  I decided a week ago that I would get a puppy as a companion.  So I am looking forward to that, but he will not be coming home until the beginning of May.  But you're right I need to look forward to the things that will bring me happiness even though it's hard right now.
supporter:Absolutely.  The weather seems to be getting nicer as well.  Do you like any outdoor activites (ex. walking outside)?
seeker:I love walking outside.  We had a 60 degree day not too long ago and I went outside immediately to walk.  My mood was better that day than it has been in months.  I am definitely looking forward to spring, which is quickly approaching now!  I have to say, I appreciate you pushing me in the direction of thinking positively and looking forward to the future, it's something I definitely lost my grasp on for a little while.
supporter:I think you got a lot of things to be excited about and look forward to - 1. warmer weather  2. longer-daylight hours  3. vaccine upcoming  - which then will open up the activities you enjoy like shopping and going out for coffee  4. Getting a puppy       In the mean time,  I think it helps to try to keep busy.   Is there goals you can set for yourself each day?  Like maybe working on a room for a puppy, to take a walk outside each day, an area of the house that should get cleaned, or start a new hobby (like finding a book you have been meaning to read)
seeker:You're definitely right I have a lot to be excited about.  I like the idea of setting goals each day.  Now that the weather is slightly nicer I think going for a daily walk is a good idea.  Also, definitely preparing for puppy and getting an area set up and arranged for him is a great idea.  I find myself mindlessly scrolling the internet many days so reading a book is also a great idea.
supporter:Maybe even with each day that you make a point to contact a friend each day either by phone call, email, or facebook?  Just say Hi - how are you doing? - look forward to meeting up at some point for coffee.   This might get an engaging conversation going with some of your friends.
seeker:That's a good point, maybe an e-mail as that is something they may check when they have some down time, where as when I text I feel a lot of times they look at it and are busy and then forget to respond.  But if they sit down and are checking their emails maybe they will have time for a quick response.
supporter:Yes that is good low-key way of connecting.  Rather than a call or text message.  I am guessing many of your friends are experiencing the same feelings that you (and many of us) are.
seeker:I think they probably are, most of them have quite young children and it's been hard not being able to connect with their family or have play dates for their kids for much of the year.  I hope we can all gather again soon.  It seems like things are moving in the right direction finally.
supporter:Yes it has been a long year in that regard.  I know being a teacher we finally start back with kids full-time April 5th so it basically has been a full year of distance learning and teaching through a computer.
seeker:Yea that had to be tough on the kids in school.  And the teachers.  I can't imagine being a kid in school going through all of this.  I just want to say thank you so much for all of your help today and really giving me a push in the right direction.  I'm not sure if it was just getting to chat with someone other than my husband or the advice you gave, but I am feeling more positive.
seeker:Thanks and I hope you have a good day :)
supporter:I am glad to help and hope you have a great rest of your week!!!
seeker:Thank you!
supporter:No problem and great talking with you.

seeker:Hi, I am having a tough time processing a correct decision today
supporter:Good morning. What type of decision is troubling you? 
seeker:A few weeks ago, my lover and I decided to stop our affair. It is the right choice for him because he feels he should work on his marriage. I admire that, yet It is very lonely for me right now
supporter:I can understand the feeling lonely would make you feel your decision was wrong but from an outsiders view, it was not a healthy relationship if he was already committed to someone. 
supporter:You deserve something better. Someone dedicated to you. 
seeker:It was a fantastic experience. we were together for 3 years. I am not mad at him, he's a good guy. He was separated when we met. But as all life, it's complicated
supporter:I completely understand. I have been in your shoes before. I learned a lot and found out more about myself in the growing experience after the relationship ended. I'm sure there was some positives even with you at the end of the relationship now. 
supporter:Each person is put in our life for a reason or season. This may just be the stepping stone to finding your soul mate. The perfect relationship won't feel so tricky in the long run and will make you feel on top of the world! 
seeker:Yes, I had my eyes wide open during the process and he and I were very open with our communication. I can see lots of blessings but I am just so sad. Each day is a challenge to focus 
seeker:I can't imagine a relationship right now
supporter:Sounds like you really but your heart in to this and I'm sure it hurts. No need to rush relationship. Falling back in love with yourself is the key first. Finding your inner happiness will make the next relationship that much better and stronger! 
supporter:Treat yourself to a few solo dates to find joy in the day to day life you are now building without him. 
seeker:I have heard the idea of dating ones self 
seeker:I haven't been out to eat for over a year due to the pandemic situation
supporter:It can be fun! No decisons on who wants to go where. It is all about you enjoying the moment and your own company! 
supporter:No need to go out if you feel uncomfortable. Find a movie you have been wanting to watch and order some take out! Or do some online shopping while enjoying your favorite dessert or adult beverage! 
seeker:During this time with the affair, I had the strength to leave a narcissistic spouse that abused me emotionally. I am proud of myself for that. 
supporter:That is a lot to handle! I am proud of you for that as well! No one ever deserves to be abused. Some solo time to rebuild your independance may do you wonders and give you back your strength and self confidence! Seems like the past year has been emotionally draining. 
seeker:It has been. You are right about me focusing on solo time. 
supporter:I think you know yourself better than anyone else and are about to leap in to a new chapter of your life. You received lessons from both the past relationships and can take that forward knowing what you wish for and deserve. 
seeker:Thank you for letting me talk about this. It is a touchy topic, affairs. My heart was so loved during that time but I always told him that if he needed me to step back, I would. It has been difficult on both of us.
seeker:Being a parent, having the families meshed together, homes, work, etc.... I can understand why he feels he should try again.
supporter:Sometimes talking about why you are feeling is the best way to find closure. Keep the memories of the love and good times but know that in the end you were destined for something so much more. As adults we try so often to find happiness in others. He is a good person for wanting to try to resolve the situation for his family but that does not mean he did not love you or that your relationship was not a bright spot in his life as it was yours. I'm sure he is hurting too. 
seeker:thank you so much for saying that. It really means a lot to me and grounds me
seeker:you are correct, that I need to move forward for me. I deserve it. That's a concept I have been learning.
supporter:You deserve peace through this transition. It will take some time but I think you will come out even stronger and happier on the long run. Journaling may be a great outlet for your emotions as well. 
seeker:thank you for that idea. He was my muse in that relationship and I would write beautiful stories and poetry for him. Writing out my journey to the next stage of my life would be beneficail
supporter:I think so! It may also let you heal while building your creativity even more! You seem like a very passionate and loving person. 
seeker:You made me heart smile... thank you.. !! I am glad that I got to speak with you today!
supporter:You are so very welcome! You were a pleasure to talk to and I wish you all the best! Let this year be YOUR year!

supporter:Hello. How are you today?
seeker:I've been better. I've been really sad ever since my girlfriend and I broke up and I don't know what to do.
supporter:The end of a relationship is a really difficult time. 
supporter:How long were you together?
seeker:Yeah every day has been pretty hard. We were together for about 3 years.
supporter:Three years is a long time.
supporter:What led to the breakup?
seeker:We found ourselves arguing more and more each day.
supporter:I've been in relationships like that. It really takes it out of you.
supporter:What are your days like now? 
seeker:Every day has been feeling the same. I didn't like that we fought but now I feel empty. I don't know what to do.
supporter:I can totally understand why you're feeling that way.
supporter:How long have you been seperated?
seeker:It's been about a month now.
supporter:So this is still really fresh. It's going to take some time to start to feel normal after three years.
supporter:What have you been doing for self-care?
supporter:What have you been doing for self-care?
seeker:I haven't really been doing much. My friends invite me out but I never feel like going.
supporter:After a three year relationship, you're going to have a period of mourning. This happens whether the breakup was right or wrong. It's still a huge part of your life now separated, and that's an important life event.
seeker:Yeah that makes sense. It's just hard you know. What steps should I take to feel better?
supporter:I think it would be good for you to go out with your friends. Sometimes when you're really down, you might not feel like it. Going out takes effort, but it's worth it.
seeker:Okay I'll try to make an effort to go out more.
supporter:Isolating at home is not going to help you process things. You might even consider going on some walks/runs, and getting in more exercise.
seeker:That's a good idea I'll try to be more active.
seeker:Thanks for all the help I appreciate it.
supporter:Of course. Anytime. 
seeker:It's nice to have someone to talk to thanks for hearing me out.
seeker:Do you have any more advice?
supporter:It will get easier. It'll just take a little time. Remember, it is okay to be sad. Trying to hold back emotions will only make things harder, so let them out as they come up.
seeker:I have been bottling up a lot of my emotions so maybe I'll try to talk to a friend about how I'm feeling.
supporter:Absolutely. Talking to a close friend is one of the best things you could do.
seeker:Okay, thanks for all the help!

supporter:HI, how are you today?
seeker:hi
seeker:i have a lot going on. i am depressed because i am soo stressed
supporter:Thats sucks, what's going on?
seeker:I work full time, do frelance work on the side, i am a single mom of twin 6 year olds and an 8 year old, and i am in college for my masters degree
seeker:also my lease is up next month and i was notified they are raising it 300 dollars. i cant afford it. im scared and cant find anywhere cheaper to move
supporter:Oh wow, that is a lot.  Add a pandemic to the mix.  I can see why you'd feel overwhlemed.
seeker:sorry, guess i am venting
seeker:my boyfriend and i broke up 2 weeks ago. that isnt helping. 
supporter:Its actually kind of nice to vent on these anonymous things.  
seeker:ugh i just wish i could get a break
seeker:thanks, :) 
supporter:Boyfriend too. Anybody around to talk to?  Family friends?
seeker:family is about 8 hours away. i dont really have friends. i havent had time to make or keep any. i would love to i just dont even know how to fit in finding time to talk to anyone 
seeker:im an army veteran... i have ptsd so i dont do well with crowds. its hard making new friends
supporter:How about other moms in your kids friend groups?  I've found that cna be an easier way to get to knwo people bc you are all doing childcare anyway?
seeker:thats not a bad idea, maybe i can find a moms group on facebook
supporter:I'm interested in your free lance work.  What kind of stuff are you doing?  Is it a passion thing or a paying hte bills thing?
seeker:paying the bills. ugh. i do mturk and then i am on upwork. i write articles and edit papers and books. 
supporter:Got it.  Mturk is always there when you can't sleep!
seeker:lol my day is so packed i wish i had more time to sleep!
seeker:i'm usually up late writing papers for scool
seeker:i graduate in september. i keep telling myself to hang in till then
supporter:What are you studying?  Any connections through your program?
seeker:of course then i will need to start delivering food or sometihng as an additiona ljob to pay student loans lol
seeker:im doing an online college. i am getting my master's in organizational managment
seeker:i really appreciate you talking to me. its actually helping a bit
supporter:Yeah, it took me forever to get through my loans but bit by bit got there.  Sounds like a good program that can lead to a better job (and maybe only one job someday!) Investing in the future is defintely a good thing
seeker:I want to be a good example for my kids :)
supporter:I've been to see counselors a few times when going through tough patches (ask me about divorce, job loss and moving to a new countrey in one year) and have found that it helps to be abel to vent to someone who doesn't know you - ha.
seeker:lol very true
supporter:Kids can be positive motivation for sure.  But right now you're in the toughest part of parenthood.  Threel ittle ones who need your support and you are doing it by yourself.  You are fighting the fight for sure.
seeker:thanks for being here today, i hope the rest of your day goes well!
supporter:You too!
seeker:thanks!

supporter:hello! what is on your mind today?
seeker:Hi there. I don't really know how to start with this, but I've been feeling low for the last year or so, and feel like my mood is getting worse with each day. I don't have any motivation to do anything and I'm not sure exactly where to turn. 
supporter:it sounds like you are a little depressed
seeker:I think that might be true. Can you offer any advice or guidance on what I can do to improve it? 
supporter:i think a lot of people are feeling that way. covid has really changed up everyone's lives, and it is hard to make drastic changes like we all have. 
supporter:if y ou have health insurance you can always look into therapy or antidepressants
supporter:there are also free sites like 7 cups that does peer to peer supprt
seeker:Yeah my issues have definitely been compounded by the crisis, and not being able to speak to my friends or family, or even my work colleagues now I work from home. I don't have health insurance unfortunately, otherwise I'd have gone down that route. 
supporter:sometimes talking to people even through chat can make us feel less lonely and change things up a bit
seeker:7 cups, I haven't heard of that one. What do they do? 
seeker:Definitely even this conversation is making me feel a little better. 
supporter:peer to peer support. you can. try to google it!
seeker:I will look into it after this conversation then. Is there anything you could recommend I try before I contact them? Just anything I can do to lift my spirits? 
supporter:if you google lemonaid health that is a doctor you can see virtually its prettty cheap less than a hundres a month for a doctor and meds!
seeker:Do you think meds are a good option? I'm worried if I take that route I might end up zoned out or addicted to taking them. 
supporter:when i am feeling down i like to go sit outside. vitamin d that we get from the sun is really importnat. i am inside a lot. i have had to start taking a supplement and it helps!
supporter:i've been onn and off antidppressants for about twenty years. antidepressants work with natural chemicals in your brain they are not addictive because they are not narcotic
seeker:Okay sure, so I could just go to my local pharmacy and pick up Vitamin D? Or is that prescribed by a doctor? 
seeker:Okay that's good to know you have first hand experience. 
supporter:you can look an amazon for herbal or natural options .st johns wort is a good one
seeker:Okay, what does that do? I havent heard of that supplement before.
supporter:vitamin d d is over the counter! any pharmacy, amazon, its easy to find and cheap
supporter:my friend swears by st johns wort. its some herb that is a natural anti depressant. you could do some research and see!
seeker:Okay that's useful. And there are no side effects to taking vitamin D, are there? I'll look into st john's wort. It seems as though there is loads of research to be done here - which is a little stressful! 
supporter:it can be stressful but a positive stress. remember you are researching how to help yourself and feel better!
seeker:That's true, it's working towards an end goal of feeling like myself again. You are right. 
supporter:you'll be okay. i know its hard to stay positive, but i think you are doing pretty good
seeker:Thanks for that, it makes a difference to hear some encouragement. 
supporter:i think we all need to support eachother during these uncertain times. at least with the vaccine there is a light at the end of the tunnel for a lot of people! :) 
seeker:I don't want to overwhealm myself, but I think I'll go grab a coffee and take a look into Vitamin D and St Johns Wort now. I like the idea of using supplements and seeing how they work for me before moving onto heavier antidepressants. 
seeker:That's true, I'm just hoping the end of the tunnel isn't too far away. Can't face another summer locked inside with nothing to do! 
supporter:Sounds good! Enjoy your coffee and the rest of your day! :) 
seeker:Thanks, I will do. And thanks again for your help. 
supporter:o man. i went crazy last summer. i did the dumbest thing to get myself out of the funk
supporter:you are welcome! :)

supporter:Hi how are you?
seeker:am doing great.
supporter:You can share any thing with me with confidence . 
seeker:how about you?
supporter:I'm good than you
supporter:Everything going good
seeker:How is the day going for you?
supporter:its going good , how is your day?
seeker:Am just starting mine, quite early here
seeker:what id the time like over there?
supporter:its hard time for you but you can come out from this
supporter:its morning 11:36
seeker:Have you experienced heartbreak before?
seeker:It is 5:37am here
supporter:Yes i hade this before than i engaged in other activity than i come out from this
supporter:try to make engaged your self in other activity
supporter:its help you to come out from this situation 
seeker:I have moved passed mine for long. But I shared the experience because it is one i would never forget. It almost put me into depression if not for family and genuine close friends.
supporter:that's really hard but you can do it
seeker:Yes ,I did it and am happy I moved on and came out stronger
supporter:yes its very hard to come out from this but hopefully you will forget everything
supporter:That's very good
seeker:Thank you for your encouragement
supporter:I have been came out from this situation from long time but its very hard
supporter:How are you now ? still are you in this situation are you come out
seeker:yes ,I can relate to any situation now after that experience because it made me stronger emotionally and psychologically
seeker:I am in a better one now and am happy and fulfilled
supporter:That's very good
supporter:make yourself busy in work activity than you feel more better
seeker:when you are happy in a relationship it will show in your daily interaction with people. 
supporter:Yes you are right , when you feel happy everything look happy
seeker:I believe we are good so far with the conversation
supporter:Thanks
seeker:I appreciate your interest to help. You did a good job
supporter:I hope you feel more better after conversation
seeker:Have a good one.
supporter:Thanks
seeker:sure,would.
supporter:your welcome
seeker:Bye
supporter:Bye

supporter:Hello what's going on?
seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hey :)
seeker:I just found out that I will be losing my job. I have no clue what to do. 
supporter:I was in a similar situation a short while back I can understand if you feel anxious and stressed.
supporter:Was it due to the pandemic?
seeker:Yes it is. We haven't gotten the funding form the government and we are a small business. I am not sure how to tell my wife.
supporter:So if I understand the anxiety of you losing your job is increased because you also have to give your wife the news?
seeker:Yes and I also have to find some place else to work at. 
supporter:If where you live has some form of unemployment insurance it may be a good time to apply for it if your comfortable with that since you are aware your job is coming to an end 
seeker:Not a bad idea. I will look into that for sure. I am not sure how long it will take to get it. I'm not to bad off because I do have savings but I am just worried that I will not be able to find any work around where I live and I don't want to move.
supporter:It's completly understandable that telling your wife is additionally difficult since it's life effecting news and you are probably worried about the effect the news will have on your wife
seeker:Yes for sure. She has her job so it just would feel weird for me to be at home while she works. 
supporter:In my case I am still currently in school and lack credentials but I've managed to find some online work that is getting me by
seeker:I never have thought about online work. That might be a good idea.
supporter:You may want to budget relevant areas of yur spending ahead of time so your savings will go longer but Isuggest not to the point that it effects your mental well being
supporter:Also if your on good terms maybe get references
seeker:That is a great idea. I am sure I can get references. My boss loves me.  He said he is looking to help me any way he can.
supporter:I don't drive so my options were limited to avoid riding the bus I do recommend getting out of you living space other ways if you work online but its all right
supporter:I think with that kind of connection with your boss especially with your job loss being circumstantial you should have a really good starting point
seeker:I am going to look online for sure. I would like to work form home.
seeker:I am sure with my IT degree I can find some online jobs.
supporter:It does have benefits you save money on transportation costs for example :)
supporter:That is actually along the lines of what I'm doing on the low end of the totem pole Not the high paying jobs but the basic and intermediate seems to be a fair bit available
supporter:I don't male much but Ihave flexible hours and still finishing my degree
supporter:How are you currently feeling about your situation with a little bit of a plan in place?
seeker:that's awesome. I'm feeling a little better. Just so much to do now but at least I have an idea of what to do.
seeker:I feel like with this plan my wife will not be so worried. 
supporter:Maybe if you get your basic ideas together where your satisfied with it it will ease some of the difficulty of talking to your wife.
supporter:I apologise we had the same idea
seeker:Yes. i plan on doing that this afternoon. Thank you so much. I am feeling way more at ease. 
seeker:I hope you have a wonderful day.
supporter:I hope your day goes great as well

seeker:Hello. I'm looking for some help.
supporter:Good Morning! would you like to tell me whats going on?
seeker:I have a big test coming up for a college class and I am very anxious about it.
supporter:you seem really concerned about a big test coming up and its making you feel anxious.  is that correct?
seeker:Yeah exactly. I feel like my future depends on getting a good grade on this test.
supporter:just from chatting with you, I can feel how anxious you are.
seeker:I've been studying every day for weeks but I still can't help but feel really anxious. I don't know what to do. It's messing with my sleep schedule.
supporter:your doing your best and continuing to try hard!
supporter:it's great that you are working so hard to pass this test.
seeker:I'm trying my best I'm just worried it won't be enough.
supporter:deep breaths can help people calm down. Can you try and take a few deep breaths?
seeker:Yes, I can try to do that more often.
supporter:how confidant do you feel with the material? 
seeker:I'm fairly certain I have most of it memorized but what happens if I freeze up and forget during the test?
supporter:I feel the same way when I am taking a big exam! Try to remember to breath and not be so anxious that will only cause you to forget everything you studied.  You seem very intelligent and I know you can do this!
seeker:Thank you! Do you think taking a practice exam would help?
supporter:yes I think a practice exam would be a great way to put you at ease and help you work on anything you might need to freshen up on.
seeker:Ok, I will try that out. I appreciate talking to you I feel better already.
supporter:it was very nice speaking with you today.  Good luck! remember deep breaths and I know you'll be just fine.
seeker:I'll remember that! Thank you again!

supporter:Hi there! How can I help you today
seeker:i cant keep up in class
supporter:I'm so sorry to hear that. How does that make you feel?
seeker:like crap, it makes me not wanna do anything
supporter:I understand completely, it can be hard to keep up in class especially if you're feeling down 
supporter:To be clear, you're feeling bad about not being able to keep up in class and that's making you feel even worse about it?
seeker:yeah, like I want to start doing better but then i realize theres just no point im already behind
supporter:Don't worry, that's totally normal, especially since a lot of things are online these days. I personally struggled with keeping up with courses, but I found a way to make it work by pushing to the limits
seeker:okay, i guess its good to know im not the only one 
seeker:how did you get thru it?
supporter:I suggest starting with what you missed first instead of worrying what you're getting now
supporter:Maybe let your teacher/professor know how you're doing in class and you may be able to ask for extensions on deadlines
seeker:Thats helpful, thanks
seeker:i am a little scared to ask my teacher though
seeker:shes really mean and what if she fails me?
supporter:Don't be afraid! Remember a teacher's job is to teach and help you, she may look a little mean but it doesn't hurt to try and ask, she can't fail you for being confused :)
seeker:yeah i guess your right
supporter:Does that make you feel a little better about it?
seeker:yea, a lot better actually, thanks
supporter:You're welcome! Anything else I can help out with?
seeker:what should i do about the work i missed?
supporter:hmm, i suggest you should ask your teacher if its still alright to submit it. If you decide to do them, make sure its ok with her first
seeker:okay, thanks, i will do that
supporter:No problem! Glad I was able to help! Is there anything else?
seeker:no thats all, thanks again for helping me
supporter:you're welcome, goodbye!

seeker:I am very depressed
supporter:Hello there, how are you doing?
seeker:I feel lonely
supporter:I'm sorry to hear you're feeling depressed and lonely. Is there any reason in particular you're feeling this way?
seeker:I felt go to death
supporter:You feel as though you want to die?
supporter:What is causing you to feel this way?
supporter:Did something happen at home, work, or in your personal life?
seeker:Yes. I want to die. because I love him. But he leave me alone
seeker:I think I did not able to  return my normal life
supporter:Losing a loved is very hard. 
seeker:Yes. I feel very sad. Give me some counselling
supporter:Do you have anyone you can talk to about your feelings and concerns?
seeker:I did not have close friends
supporter:My understanding is that you have lost a loved one and that is causing you to feel depressed, correct?
seeker:Yes
supporter:Do you have any family members you can speak to?
seeker:My parents. But they are avoiding me because this lover is hurting my parents also. So they are advising me many times
seeker:But I did not hear their advice
supporter:It sounds like you are going through a very rough time.
seeker:So they are angry with me.
seeker:Yes. I am very depressed. Do you give me any counselling?
supporter:I think it may be helpful to reach out to your parents to open a line of communication and discuss your differences
seeker:I will try many times. But they are avoiding me.
supporter:That must be very difficult not having your parents to support you and your loved one. 
supporter:Do you ahve any siblings?
seeker:Yes. They are did not understanding my current situation
supporter:have you tried communicating your side of the story?
seeker:Yes. I have one brother. But he was very little boy. So he did not understand my feelings.
supporter:It sounds as though your family does not agree with or understand your situation.
seeker:Yes. I try to tell my parents many times
seeker:My parents are angry with me.
supporter:Do you have anyone else in your life you are close to, I know you said you don't have any close friends.
seeker:Yes . Only one friend
seeker:But she was long distance to me
seeker:So very difficult to contact 
supporter:Would you feel comfortable talking to her about how you are feeling now?
seeker:Yes
supporter:Maybe you could text, call. or email her. It sounds like she would know better whats going on in your personal life.
seeker:I will tell my problem already in Email. But she doesn't replay to me.
supporter:That must feel terrible, I'm sorry you're having a hard time. I would feel the same way in your situation.
seeker:I try to call her but did not reached
supporter:Do you have any hobbies or interests?
seeker:Yes. I am very interested to reading comic books
seeker:I love comic books and story books
supporter:I love comic books too! Do you have any favorites?
seeker:Yes.
supporter:When you're reading comics or engaging in other hobbies does it make you feel any better?
seeker:Saga this is my favorite comic book
seeker:I will try
seeker:Very thanks for your idea
supporter:My suggestion would be when you start feeling down, take some deep breaths, go for a walk, and engage in one of your hobbies.
seeker:Ok. Very thanks.
seeker:I am very relax this times
supporter:You're welcome.
supporter:I'm glad youre feeling a little bit better.
seeker:I feel like the burden on my mined has gone down
seeker:Yes. I feel little bit better
supporter:I'm glad to hear it!
seeker:Thank you my friend
seeker:Can you tell me your name please?
supporter:Is there anything else i can do for you?
supporter:My name is Ryan. what is your name?
seeker:Riya
supporter:Its been a pleasure speaking to you riya
seeker:Thank you Ryan brother
supporter:is there anything else I can help you with today?
supporter:You're welcome Riya. I hope you take my advice moving forward and things improve for you.
seeker:Ok thank you so much for your tips
seeker:Bye
supporter:you are welcome, take care
seeker:Take care. Bye.

seeker:hai! how are doing?
seeker:Could help me to come out from the depression? really?
supporter:Hello!  I'm doing well.  How are you?
supporter:I'll try to help in any way that I can.  What seems to be troubling you?
seeker:I break up with my boy friend , he use my credit card took all my mmoney
supporter:Oh, dear.  I'm so sorry to hear that.  
seeker:Spreading picture of mine in social media
supporter:Did you get your credit cards canceled once you found out what he had done?
seeker:Yeah I did that but we had relationship of three years , we shared everything with each other. but he cheats me
supporter:It sounds like the two of you had problems for awhile before the breakup.  
seeker:He is threatening me he would post the nude picture of mine in social media.
supporter:If he makes that threat again, you might wish to inform him that "revenge porn" is a crime these days.  If he knows that you might to go to the authorities, that might get him to leave you alone.  
seeker:thank you very for your care and concern , sure  I will reply him as you said.
supporter:You seem like a very nice person.  And his behavior is very toxic, to say the least.  I know that things are hard right now, but things will get better.  And you deserve to be with someone who will treat you with kindness and respect.  
seeker:I lost my all saving and now I am jobless both make me mentally disturbed , I feel life meaningless and don't want to live in this world.
supporter:Try not to lose hope.  It's hard out there, particularly with what the pandemic has done to the economy.   But from what I've read today, more stimulus from the government is on the way, so that should help some.  
supporter:Do you have anyone that you can talk to about what you're going through?
seeker:He had an affair but he spreading is fake news about me that I cheated him. I ashamed about myself and I can't able to mingle with my friends and family.
supporter:Don't let him make you feel ashamed.  You've done nothing to warrant such a feeling.  Maybe you should find someone outside of your social group to speak to.  
seeker:I can't able to face the all consequence all together, I need peace , where I could find?
supporter:There are places you can go to speak to people.  Charitable organizations, clergy if you are religious, and call centers.  Perhaps you could find one of those organizations locally to help you through this.  Also, since they would be local, they might have more information about legal remedies you could pursue.  Some of your ex's behavior sounds criminal...
seeker:People like you and your words touched my soul , thank you very much for your support and advice.
supporter:I glad I could be of some help.  Just remember, you are a good and worthwhile person.  You will come through this.  I believe in you.   
seeker:Yes I feel I am positively boosted up , thanks a lot for the kindness.
supporter:You are welcome.  I hope you have a pleasant day, and many more going forward.  

seeker:hello
supporter:Hello , how is it going ? 
seeker:i am doing well, how are you?
seeker:i mean i am okay other than my job situation but relatively i am alright
supporter:Good , was there anything you needed advice on ? I’m random , but a pretty good listener (: 
supporter:Where do you work ? 
seeker:sure thank you, do you think it is wise that i follow my plan of taking some time to refresh my skills to compete in a more modern job market? 
seeker:i worked retail but would like to change careers too
supporter:I think it is important to understand what your getting into. What where you thinking of trying to do ? Go back to school ? 
seeker:no i am thinking of taking some brief online courses and learning some coding. perhaps school in the future. but i think i will take some time to refresh my experience of adobe and other similar software
supporter:There are a bunch of helpful sites like LinkedIn learning , they have awesome videos on like any software you could think of (: 
supporter:Also can’t go wrong with a good ol paperback 
seeker:thank you that is very interesting i did not know that one but i will bookmark it. and that is true too, i have quite a few to work through as it is
supporter:Coding is pretty interesting, I’m about to graduate with a bachelors in computer science of animation , we worked a bit of scripting last month and it was interesting ! Also really beneficial in getting a job 
seeker:how necessary do you think college is to overall success? also wish you good luck in your graduation
supporter:Thank you ! I don’t believe it is necessary. There are materials out there and you can for sure learn on your own . For me, I like having someone to ask questions . And also having my lessons already planned out . I do well with deadlines and structure. If I had to do it on my own I would struggle more . But to each their own ! I do think it’s been beneficial for me 
seeker:that is very interesting, and reassuring to hear that it may not be completely necessary. thank you for sharing this insight
seeker:i hope you are doing well also and i think we will be finished unless you have something you need to discuss

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hello. How are you doing today?
seeker:Same old. 
seeker:still trying to lose weight.  Already on day 20 for fasting.
seeker:did not lose a single pound.
supporter:Wow it sounds like you have really been trying hard to lose weight. 
supporter:What kind of methods have you been using?
seeker:I tried keto diet for 6 months, didn't work
seeker:So now on Fasting. 
supporter:It sounds like you are really discouraged.
seeker:I also go to gym 2 times a week.
supporter:Wow! You have been trying practically everything. You are really motivated.
seeker:Yea, very discouraged...
supporter:Losing weight can be difficult. I've struggled with that many times.
supporter:Have you thought of consulting a dietician or a nutritionist to help? Maybe, they would offer some new suggestions.
seeker:I am already lucky that I can sometime able to book swimming pool close by
seeker:I considered but they said I am not overweight.
supporter:It seems like they didn't listen to your needs. 
supporter:And it seems like you are doing a great job exercising at the pool and employing other methods to lose weight.
supporter:What is your primary motivation behind your weight loss goal?
seeker:The added weight is putting pressure on my hips and knees. 
seeker:Causing a lot of pain as well for my lower back
supporter:That's no good. I'll bet that is difficult to deal with.
supporter:Have you thought about teaming up with a friend and going on daily walks?
seeker:No, I have to look after the kids. 
supporter:Well, you could also take the kids on a walk every day.
supporter:That would be a healthy activity to enjoy together, and it should help burn some of their energy too.
seeker:I signed them up for swimming classes so they can exercise too.
seeker:Thanks for your suggestion though.
supporter:That's great! Now you can all go swimming together. 
supporter:Maybe that can be an activity that you all do together a couple times a week.
seeker:I can't join their classes.
seeker:Yes, I am doing that.  
supporter:No, but I'm sure that there is a fitness club or city pool where you all can share your skills.
seeker:And even after exercise, I only eat 20% of their portion and no junk food. 
seeker:Nice speaking to you though, you have been very kind. 
supporter:Thank you. I enjoyed our conversation as well. Keep swimming. I'm sure you will get to where you want to be in no time.
seeker:Thanks for your encouragement!
supporter:You're welcome!

supporter:Hello, is there anything I can help you with today?
seeker:I am really depressed because of my recent break up
supporter:Oh no, that is really sad. I know break ups can be very hard. 
seeker:yeah
supporter:Why do you feel you are depressed about it? Were you together a long time?
seeker:i was with her for more then 2 years and without her everthing seems incomplete
supporter:I completely understand. I have had break ups too. They are never easy. 
seeker:what should i do now?
supporter:Well, if the break up is still fresh, it will take some time before you start feeling yourself again. Breaking up with someone can be as devastating as a death. Because you mourn the loss of the person.
supporter:What do you think you could do to help yourself feel better?
seeker:that is very true
seeker:what i need right now is to distract my mind and think about something else
supporter:What kind of hobbies do you have? Or are you involved in sports or any type of other activities that you enjoy?
seeker:i mostly play soccer
supporter:That could be a great distraction. You could start practicing soccer again. You definitely have more time for it now.
supporter:Do you have anyone you can talk to about the break up? Sometimes talking with a close friend or family member can help a lot too.
seeker:I have my best friend and he is also helping me recover but my main issue is inner will power
supporter:Why do you say that? Are you focused on trying to get back with them?
seeker:My mind is just not accepting the change
supporter:That is difficult. What caused the break up? Was it mutual? Or was it one sided?
seeker:it was one sided and that is why it's so problematic
seeker:anyways
supporter:Ok, so your ex broke up with you. Did they give you a reason why? Or did they just say it's over and that was it?
seeker:yeah
seeker:I'll try my best to do what i can
supporter:Oh that is a hard one. I had a boyfriend and he cheated on me with another girl and he broke up with me because I would not do things with him that I was uncomfortable with.
supporter:What do you think you could do to change your mindset? I know for me, writing helps a lot.

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hello
supporter:How are you
seeker:I've been better.
seeker:I'm overly anxious and feeling depressed about work.
supporter:What is happening at work that makes you feel likes that? 
seeker:I just feel like im not getting the support I need.
seeker:I'm relatively new at my job, so I go to the more senior staff for advice, but I seldom ever get help.
supporter:I see, is there anyone you could talk to at work that could possibly help you?
seeker:I have a couple of coworkers that have been helpful, but we don't always work together. And their help isn't always the best, or the type of support I am looking for.
supporter:I can see how that would be difficult.
supporter:Maybe if there is something specific  you need help with, you could ask a coworker or senior staff.
seeker:Yeah, it has been very difficult. Do you have any reccomendations? Or what would you do in the situation?
seeker:I generally do do that. Sometimes I get the help I need, others not so much. So i feel like im second guessing myself a lot, which puts me under a lot of stress.
supporter:Since you are relatively new it is understandable that it may be difficult.  I would see if there is someone I could confide in.  They may be understanding.
seeker:I think thats a good idea. I am concerned it may not work out. What would i do then?
supporter:Is there something specific you are feeling you need more help with?  Maybe the people you are asking do not understand exactly what  you need help with.
seeker:Decision making and the little details are where I am struggling. I've had adequate training, but i still feel as though I lack the expertise needed to do my job well. Someimtes I get the support I need, and other times i don't. I'm wondering what i should do in times where I am not getting the support I need if its not available.
supporter:That is understandable.  I have been in situations where I had to make difficult decisions at my job too.  Overtime you will be gaining experience and it will most likely get easier or you'll get better.
seeker:Yeah, you're right. I think it will just take time for me to get comfortable and gain confidence in my abilities.
supporter:If there are situations you've found difficult, maybe you could practice making decisions in those circumstances, or ask coworkers what they have done in those times as well.
seeker:That is a great suggestion
supporter:You seem to care about this job and your performance.  I believe you will gain experience and confidence will come with it.  
seeker:Yeah, youre right. It can just be tough at times. But i understand it will take time. Thank you for the advice. It really helped.
supporter:Your welcome.  I hope you are able to feel somewhat better about the situation at work, and feel at ease.
seeker:I do, thank you again for your help
supporter:Your welcome.  Are you feeling better?
seeker:I am, thank you very much
supporter:You sound better.  Thank you too!
seeker:thanks again!
supporter:Welcome.

supporter:Hi, how are you feeling tonight? Is there anything I can help you with?
seeker:hi
seeker:feeling upset
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Can I talk you through what you're experiencing?
seeker:i am sad because of my love
supporter:That's frustrating to hear. What is your love?
seeker:its gone, she left me
supporter:That's awful. I'm so sorry to hear that. How did it happen?
seeker:she is married to a rich man
supporter:Is there any way you feel you can move on from her?
seeker:she broke me down like a helpless bird 
seeker:i can over come from her memories
supporter:Were you in a relationship with her?
seeker:yes i've been in a relationship with her for three years
supporter:If she has moved on from you, as painful as it is, you should move on from her. But that will take time, and it will help to slowly and methodically find a way forward from her. You should not feel like it will happen overnight or that quickly, but distractions and creating a new path for yourself are imperative.
seeker:I cound not stop remember her memories, its repeating and disturbing for all way
supporter:For now, that is a normal feeling and reaction, but with therapy and some help, that will lessen in frequency and severity. Have you tried meditation?
seeker:yes but it is not so effective towards me
supporter:How about a therapist, if only temporarily?
seeker:yes because of the pandemic no one will provide a proper theraphy
supporter:There are many support groups online you can try. I would contact your PCP who can try to get you in touch with someone who could help.
seeker:do you know anyone
supporter:not online, only locally, and I don't know where you live, sorry.
seeker:its okey, i will find by myself
supporter:I have to get going, but I encourage you to find a support group or contact a physician asking for a recommendation. Perhaps ask friends you're comfortable with. Keep in mind that this is only temporary and designed to help you not just move on, but grow stronger from this.
seeker:im physically fit but mentally hurt by her
seeker:and thats my problem
supporter:Yes, but mental pain can lead you down a dark path. It is best to catch it while you can, before it is significant.
seeker:i will try to recover from it
supporter:Thank you, be well, stay positive and know that there are bright days ahead.
seeker:try to find the right way to get my way
supporter:That's always the challenge. But one worth fighting for :)
seeker:yes it is challenging
supporter:I must get going, have a wonderful night and be strong. I believe in you.
seeker:ok bye
seeker:thankyou for your concern
supporter:my pleasure
seeker:thankyou so much again

supporter:Hi there, how are you  today?
seeker:I’m doing ok. Have been feeling a bit anxious about my job lately. 
supporter:Is this because of the pandemic? I know a lot of people are worrying about their jobs because of this.
seeker:I think it’s partially due to the pandemic. I am struggling progressing at my company and have been up for a raise for a year now that still hasn’t gone through. It’s making me feel like they don’t value me. 
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. So, I hear you saying that you feel you are not being valued for your work?
seeker:Yeah exactly. I want to feel like I am an important member of the team and right now I’m not feeling that and it makes me feel like I don’t have a future with this career anymore. But now is not the time for a career change. 
supporter:No I guess that it isn't. Have you tried talking to your employer about this? Or even your co workers? 
seeker:I think that’s the part that gets me anxious. I don’t really know how to communicate this to my superiors. There isn’t a lot of open communication now that we all work from home. 
supporter:Is there someone intermediate that you can talk to ? Or perhaps could you contact a union? There is help out there.
seeker:Maybe going to HR would be the smart move? They might have some resources on how to navigate relationships now that we aren’t in the office, right?
supporter:Yes, I think that they would. Ultimately they are trained to help people who are in your situation. 
seeker:I have started applying to other jobs, but I don’t have a lot of hope with that right now. Maybe it is better to looks at more options at my current job. Getting up the courage to speak out can be hard though!
supporter:Would you at least get a good reference from your previous employer?
seeker:I think so! I have a cordial relationship with everyone, but I know my work speaks for itself. I think I need more confidence to ask for what I know I deserve. 
supporter:Perhaps you could consider some sort of counselling to help you with you self esteem? I did it and it was great. 
seeker:That’s a really good idea. I think much of the anxiety I have with work stems from self esteem issues. 
supporter:There are people out there who can help. Would you consider anti anxiety medication?
seeker:I think I’m much more open to trying counseling before I would venture to trying medication options. Practicing talking to people at work might really help me. 
supporter:Yes I think that it would. Just start slowly - do not dive straight in at the deep end. But you seem to have a good and sensible perspective about this. 
seeker:I am trying to remain level-headed about this. I know this is within my control and I just need to muster up the courage to do something about this situation that has me feeling anxious and stressed!
supporter:I wish you all of the best with it! Thank you for talking to me. 
seeker:Thanks. Appreciate the perspective. 
supporter:Goodnight :) 

supporter:Hi! Hope you are doing well?
seeker:Hi, yes am doing well
supporter:Glad to know that you are doing well. How may I assist you today ?
seeker:I had a drinking challenge which has been affecting my marriage for quit sometime now
supporter:So as far as I understand that you had issues with your wife due to your drinking. Am I right?
seeker:Yes that is true
supporter:That is really a serious problem. I know it must be very tough time for you. Hope you are trying your best to save your marriage.
seeker:Yes I have really reduced my drinking to ensure I save my marriage
supporter:That's is a great initiative. I know it is tough for you but not impossible. I can feel how hard you are trying t save your relationship. I appreciate you for that.
seeker:Thank you for the encouragement. Will do everything I can to save the situation
supporter:Family comes first. I would do anything to save my marriage as you are doing. I am proud of you. I am pretty sure you both love each other more than anything.
seeker:Yes my wife is everything to me and can not imagine loosing her due to some avoidable reasons
supporter:That should be the spirit. Now nothing can make you apart. Drinking is very easy for you to quit now. you will definitely get a success.
seeker:Thank you
supporter:No problem! That's why I am here to help you. Have a wonderful life ahead!
seeker:Any other general advice you may have for me
supporter:Just stick to the plan. Spend more time together. Cook dinner for her. Make a strong bond and my best wishes are there for you .
seeker:Wow that is some wonderful advice right there. thank you for that..Any other tips to spice things up
supporter:You both can go for a date or do the things what your partner like. Drinking is luring so stay away from that and you can do it.
seeker:Thank you I will definitely avoid drinking and any thing else that may contribute to such kind of issues
supporter:It seems you got the solution. have a wonderful time.
seeker:Thank you for the assistance. Really appreciates
supporter:your most welcome!
supporter:you can click on  quit and finish button now.

supporter:Hello! How is life treating you today?
seeker:Life is bad to day.  My bbboyfireind just left me, I am alone in the house.  I have no one to share things with.
supporter:I am really sorry about that - you are feeling that you've been deserted?
seeker:Yes, that is exactly how I feel.  I was deserted, I feel unlovable, like no one will ever want me again.
supporter:Please don't think that! I have been in this situation and I know how awful it is but I also know that it will pass. 
seeker:It doesn’t;t feel like it will pass.  It feels like it will only get worse. I don’t want to go to bed alone.  I won’t be able to sleep tonight.
supporter:Would you be able to go and visit friends or family members? Get some support?
seeker:My family is out of town.  My friends were also his friends and he told lies about me so they wont talk to me.  I want to just get drunk and go to sleep.
supporter:Oh that is not a good idea. Do you think you have an alcohol problem? There are support groups out there who could help you. 
seeker:I never drink alone but I feel so bad now and afraid of being alone.
supporter:I hear you. Do you have any pets or anything at all to keep you company?
seeker:Do you think I should call him and ask him to come back? He took our dog.
supporter:I think you should get the dog back but I don't think you should call your ex - you are better off without him. 
seeker:But I still love him.  He did sleep with my best friend, but he said it didn’t mean anything. I really miss him,
supporter:I think you should value yourself more highly than this. If he slept with your best friend then he is nothing. 
supporter:You can do a great deal better, I am sure!
seeker:Thanks.  You are right, I am too good for him.  I had a job and he doesn’t.
supporter:Well quite! You can easily move forward with your life. He will not find it so easy. But do get the dog back. 
seeker:Yeah, I need the dog.  He gave it to me as a puppy for my birthday.  I can’t believe he took it. 
supporter:Do you know that there are legal organisations out there that will help you get it back?
seeker:But I am still having a hard time getting to sleep, I am so upset.  I have been crying for hours.
supporter:I suggest you have a nice warm bath and a cup of cocoa and try to relax 
seeker:Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.  A bubble bath and some warm coco.  That always make me feel better
supporter:Tomorrow you can try to think of how to go on with things :). Contact some legal aid people to help you get your dog back for one.
seeker:My cousin works for legal aid, maybe she can help me give me advice.  Thanks
supporter:That sounds perfect! I am sure you will feel better once you have your dog. 
supporter:I hope I have been able to be of some assistance and thank you for talking
seeker:Yeah, thanks for talking to me
supporter:You're most welcome :) 
seeker:Have a good night.  I am going to get into my hot bath.
supporter:have fun :) 
supporter:you just need to press quit and take the survey now :) I can't do it this end

seeker:I appreciate your willingness to listen and offer support.  Life just is so hard right now
supporter:Hi, How are you feeling right now?
seeker:pretty crappy.  Just lying in bed.  never got out of my pjs today.  
supporter:Today must have been a hard day for you. It seems that there are some things that are really bothering you. 
seeker:The problem is I just don't really know how to feel better.  I have much to be thankful for but don't seem to be able to really enjoy anything.
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. Sometimes even for a person like myself I try to find things that I love to do to keep motivated. Do you have hobbies or things that you like to do for fun?
seeker:That's what my husband keeps saying, too, but I just can't dredge up any enthusiasm for anything except I try to get out and walk because the fresh air is nice.  I also knit, which is what I've been doing while lying in bed.  But I can't think of the last time I really truly enjoyed myself.
supporter:Yes, those are things that does make you day feel good fresh air, and knitting keeps you calm. Also, Have you tried buying a treat for yourself or going out for trip in the previous months to get some relaxation?
seeker:Yes, the idea of a trip is enticing to me and I really hope to go visit my aunt in Michigan, perhaps in April.  She is my mom's only sister and the only relative I have left from that generation and I love spending time with her.  That was a good suggestion and I'll try to look forward to that.
supporter:Yes, trips are amazing and especially when you visit someone you love spending time with makes even more worthwhile. Time that you get to spend with enjoying yourself and relaxing is something that needs to happen often so we can get back in the fight to be confident or strong to face our daily challenges. 
seeker:You have good insight and you are right, I need to focus more on enjoying the time I have with the people that I love.  I'm also hoping some new meds will eventually help  Thank you for listening
seeker:God's blessings to you and your family
supporter:Thank you and you are so welcome. I am glad I could help you. I hope that you have a wonderful time on your trip when you get to go. Also, I hope that many blessings come to you and your family as well. 
seeker:Do you have a background in counseling?
supporter:Actually I do not have any background counseling, but I have been through a lot on my own. I have learn to enjoy life no matter what with those that I love and enjoy myself wholeheartedly.  
seeker:that's a huge gift.  I wish I felt happier more often.  I think i
seeker:I think I would feel better if I had someone to talk to more often but I hate burdening my children or husband with my sadness
supporter:Thank you. I believe you will find happiness in yourself. All you can do is take one day at time and learn all different ways to find what makes you happy. 
seeker:Yes, one day at a time is my motto!  and I know God is with us.  Thanks again!
supporter:We all go through the sadness, and you are not alone. It just what we do next with after the sadness is gone makes it count. 
seeker:very true! 
supporter:Yes this is so true. You are so welcome. God is always with us even when we are not sure he is truly there. He is there and he helps us in many ways. 

supporter:Hello there!  how are you doing?
seeker:I'm doing OK.  Just stressed about work.
supporter:What's been going on lately?  Is something in particular there stressing you out?
seeker:Ever since Corona hit, my work has come to a complete stop.  I'm just so worried about where my next paycheck will come from.
supporter:Oh wow, that wounds really rough.  So you haven't been able to work in the same way since Corona?  Do you have any ideas of things you could do to make ends meet?
seeker:No, my work was through a hospital and they stopped my contract.  I've been looking but not many places are hiring.
supporter:Oh, I see.  That does sound really rough.  I would be feeling the exact same way you are in that situation and I'm sorry you're going through that.  I know this sounds cliche, but I do believe that things will work out.  I once heard, "It'll always work out in the end.  If it hasn't worked out, it's not the end."
seeker:Thank you.  I appreciate your support and words.  That's very true.  Things haven't worked out yet so I just need to hang on.  
supporter:I know there were some grants and loans and things specifically set aside for small businesses for the pandemic.  You might want to look into local resources and see if some are available to help you just to make ends meet for the time being?
seeker:Oh really?!  I didn't know that.  I'll have check that out.  It's so hard to know where to turn to or where to find that kind of information.  Is there a website or something?  Just knowing there might be something out there to help gives me so much hope.
supporter:There's so much information and disinformation out there, it can be really hard to discern help.  There's one website: sba.gov that has several different options for pandemic relief for small businesses.  I don't know what are you're in but there are some local resources available from my local government websites too, you might want to check that out too!
seeker:That is wonderful!  Thank you so much for passing along that information.  I've written the website down and I'll do some searching tonight!
seeker:Just talking to you has brought my anxiety level down so much!
supporter:Excellent, I hope you're able to find some relief through this difficult time!  I have a friend who looked into it and was able to find a small grant to help him out!
seeker:That's hopeful to hear!  Thank you!  Do you know if there's another stimulus check coming?  Those have helped me so much.  It's also amazing what a kind person, who really listens and wants to help, can do for your well being as well!
supporter:I have heard that another one is coming, and this one should be better than the last one.  It's all dependent on income, so anyone that makes less than 80k a year should be getting the full amount according to what I've heard.  I agree, they did help!  Would that ease your burden a little bit if the next one comes soon?
seeker:Great!  I will definitely qualify if that's the case.  I would be able to pay rent if we get this check soon.  It's been so hard making ends meet.  Sometimes I get so overwhelmed I feel like I can't breathe.  Any tips for that?
supporter:Hang in there, I'm sure help is on the way and your positive attitude will help carry you until then, you seem like a really strong person.  For me, I try taking really deep breaths and even meditating if it gets really bad.  Have you ever tried anything like that?
seeker:That's so kind of you to say.  I try to stay positive and be strong but I often feel like I'm failing.  It helps to hear words of support that I'm going to make it through this tough time.  I've never meditate before.  Do you listen to music or just silence.  I would love to give that a shot.  I try to take deep breaths.  Oftentimes it helps but only for a moment.  Maybe mediation could help me overall for longer periods of time.
supporter:You're not failing as long as you're still trying and not giving up.  All we can do sometimes is pick ourselves back up and keep plugging along.  There are a few apps available that have calming music, stories to listen to,  or even breath exercises to try.  They are all over the app stores.  It definitely helps me!  Meditation has been proven to help a lot of people in stressful situations.
seeker:That's so true!  I'm going to write that down and post it on my fridge!  Those are the words I'm going to live by for the next while.  I'll look up some apps!  Thank you for being such a great listener and supporter.  I feel so much lighter and hopeful.  I can't believe how much this has helped me.  I look forward to chatting again soon.  Thank you so much!  You have no idea how grateful I am to you right now.  I won't give up!
supporter:Of course, so happy to be of help!  Hopefully we can talk again soon and catch up on how you've been doing.  It helps me a lot to know I'm helping others too, any kind of service always feels nice.
seeker:Thanks again!  Have a great night!
supporter:Thank you, you too!

supporter:Hello.  How are you doing?
seeker:I'm good
seeker:How about you?
supporter:Very little to complain about today. What brings you here?
seeker:Just want to talk some random stuff basically just want a companion
supporter:How's the weather where you are?
seeker:Still pretty cold and dry in here, how about there?
supporter:Exactly the same.  What are you doing to stay warm?
seeker:Just in my long pajamas with heater
seeker:I don't really know what to do anymore, I am just lazy on everything
supporter:Well you're resourceful at staying warm, at least. You mentioned wanting a companion, are you living alone?
seeker:not really I'm living with my family but I don't really talk to them anymore I'm just in my room all day.
supporter:Is it the stress of the pandemic getting to you & your family, or something else?
seeker:It's something else
supporter:Can you share?
seeker:Just a fight from years ago and I decided to not talk to them anymore. 
supporter:That's completely your decision, but it can bring us down at times.  What are you doing to stay positive during these crazy times in the world?
supporter:I know you mentioned feeling lazy.  Sometimes I make a list of things in the morning that I want  to accomplish.  Even if I get one done, it's a win.  :-)
seeker:I talk to my friends online, play games, watch movies, etc.
seeker:I know, I should find a productive hobby
supporter:A hobby could be another outlet for you in addition to talking to your friends online.  You don't have to put too much pressure on yourself for it to be productive.  What hobby ideas do you have?
seeker:Like painting or learn new skills online like coding, anything that can improve my human capital
supporter:What a great idea about learning new skills.  It would be a great investment of your time, as well as improve your human capital.  Win-win.  Can you make a plan to research some places where you can sign-up for a coding class?  Maybe research the next few days, and commit to starting in the nest 2-3 weeks?  You would also meet others like yourself online also trying to learn a new skill.
seeker:I have a book, I mostly research in online if I can't understand it fully or watch youtube tutorials
supporter:Then you already have a plan.  I like it.  It's good to have something to focus on.  When is your goal to finish the book?
seeker:A month maybe, idk depends on how much I can handle it
supporter:I know you can handle it.  You speak very well and I just think you need a touch of motivation.  We all do!
supporter:Come back and talk after you finish your next chapter?
seeker:I hope I don't get lazy this time and fully commit on this, thank you for the encouragement.
seeker:Sure, nice talking to you
supporter:You as well.  You are in charge on what you commit to,  Just make sure you create goals that are simple, measurable and timebound.  I look forward to speaking to you next time.

supporter:Hello, how are you today? 
seeker:am fine thank you
supporter:Is there anything that you would like to talk about?
seeker:no ,now am okay
supporter:Well I am happy to listen to any problems that you have
seeker:problem with cowoorkers but i solved
supporter:Well, can you tell me about it anyway? I am happy to listen. 
supporter:Do feel free to talk :) 
seeker:we had agree with them work to do and date to submit it to me, but unfortunately their fail to do so
supporter:Are you still working at that place?
seeker:YES I AM
supporter:There is no need to shout. Is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
supporter:Bearing in mind that you are not going to be paid for this HIT unless you actually make an effort. 
seeker:NO AM DONE THANK YOU FOR YOUR CONCERN
supporter:I think you have not put any real effort into completing this HIT. 
seeker:WHY,AM SORRRY FOR THAT
supporter:please press quit now. 
supporter:Press the quit button or you will not get paid. I s till will. 
seeker:HELLOW AM READY TO GO ON WITH OUR CONSERVATION. SOORRY FO THE FAIL
supporter:The conversation is over - it needed to only be15 minutes. Please press the quit button. If you do not, I will my end but then neither of us gets paid anything. 

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hello! how are you feeling today?
seeker:I am pretty anxious lately.  I have a lot of stuff going on.
supporter:It looks like you have a lot to do. Correct me if I am wrong.
seeker:You would be correct.  I have Spring Break coming up and then right after that I have to start getting ready for my finals.  I am in my last year of college and I am feeling the pressure of having to become a real adult.
supporter:I can understand you very. well. It happen with all of us in such situation. Last year of the college  really give lot of pressure.
seeker:College in general has been a struggle.  I have to work a full time job at the same time I am going to school full time because my family couldn't afford to help me.  
supporter:I am pretty sure you will do great in you exam and I can see that in your worries. You are not alone in this situation as colleges are so expensive so it's hard for parents to pay for it.
seeker:Yea, I hope your right.  I just have a hard time coming up with a plan to study and work and still have time for a regular life.
supporter:When I was in college, I went throgh the same phase as you are facing. Even my parent couldn't afford my college expense.  Yes, just concentrate on your study.
seeker:It helps to know that other people have had similar experiences to mine.  It makes me feel less alone.
supporter:You are not alone. It is a phase of life. all have to go through it. Just stay focused and calm and motivated.
seeker:Yea, maybe going on spring break will help to get my mind off all the work I have to do when I get back.
supporter:Enjoy your spring break and come up with freshness. I am pretty sure you will do very well.
seeker:Thank you.  I will.  Do you have any suggestions on how I can plan for how to study once I get back?  Should I see a doctor to get some medicine for my anxiety?
supporter:The best way to plan your study is to set the target for a particular day that you have to complete it. Once you achieve it, you will be motivated and it will help you to do more work. you can take doctors opinion if it's required. you can take few breaks to relax youself in middle.
seeker:That's good advice.  Thank you.  I will try to put some of this to good use.
supporter:My best wishes are there with you. May God give all  success that you wished for.
seeker:Thank you so much for your insight.  I will be praying for a good outcome.
supporter:you will get it for sure! is there anything else I can help you with?
seeker:I think you have eased my mind a little.  I feel better.  Thanks.
seeker:Have a wonderful evening.
supporter:All my pleasure! Wonderful evening to you too

seeker:Hi
supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling? 
seeker:Not feeling good. Trying to find a job but no success
supporter:It's a really hard time to be finding new work isn't it? Are you getting unemployment or anything? 
seeker:I am getting unemployment but that is not sufficient with 6 children. 
supporter:Wow that's a lot of kids. Do you know that there are foodbanks out there which might be able to help you?
seeker:As a single mother It's pretty hard to go to search for food bank. I am spending most of my time in looking for a job.
supporter:Are there any organisations that you could just call and explain your predicament to?
seeker:I don't know any as I never faced such situation before and my partner was there to support the family. Now there is no support of him. life is becoming misearable.
supporter:Do you have friends who could help you, even with child care? 
seeker:One of my friends was really helpful. She moved to different city last month. After that I am totally shattered.
supporter:I can imagine that that must have been traumatic. You will make new friends though. 
seeker:Life is becoming hard day by day. I am feeling guilty that I can't feed my kids well. No one wants to do friendship with poor people.
supporter:I am a poor person too and I'd be happy to be your friend. We have to stick together! 
seeker:Thank you so much for all your support. You will be a  great person for sure. I would like to be your friend but I have nothing to return. 
supporter:No need to return anything but friendship.  Thanks for talking! 
seeker:I would try to search near by food bank or NGOs as you suggested . Thank you so much for all you help.
supporter:No problem at all ... I've been there :( (genuinely, not just for the HIT)
seeker:Your words are motivational and it gave me positivity to move forward.
supporter:Best wishes :) You need to press quit from your end though cos I can't do it from my end :) 

seeker:Hello
seeker:Are you here to help?
supporter:Hello! How are you today?
seeker:not to good
seeker:my wife wants to split and it was after finding out we couldnt have any more kids, we have 1 already
supporter:Oh no, I am so sorry to hear you are going through this difficulty. I am here to help and lend a sympathetic ear.
seeker:Thanks.  Do you think there is any way to fix this?
supporter:I think there is a way to handle any situation. Have you had an honest and open conversation with your wife on both of your feelings on the matter?
seeker:yes very open and honest.  Turns out she has some form of cancer and it is the cause of not being able to have anymore kids.
supporter:I am so sorry to hear that your wife has cancer. I have had an ill loved one and I know how difficult that can be, not just for the person going through it but for the family too.
supporter:How do you feel about not having any more kids? 
seeker:yes very stessful. I want more kids.  I have only had 2 of my own, 1 with my wfie 1 with my former partner.
supporter:I see. And is it a deal breaker for you if you cannot have any more kids? Would you be willing to stay with your wife and be content with the children you already have?
seeker:no not a huge deal breaker.  But it is at the same time.
seeker:Its a hard situation
supporter:I understand, it is a very difficult situation
supporter:What is more important to you? Your relationship with your wife or having another child?
seeker:a little of both i suppose.  Its so hard to choose.
seeker:I guess time will tell...
supporter:Yes, it's tough. Maybe you should think about both scenarios and write down how it would make you feel. Picture being without your wife and how would that make you feel. Then picture being with your wife and your current family and how that would make you feel.
seeker:thank you for your help.  I appreciate it.
supporter:Of course, I am here for whatever you need
seeker:of course.  I appreciate it so much.
seeker:I want to stay with my wife, I really do.
seeker:I guess there could be medication available to help perhaps.
supporter:Maybe you can tell your wife that?
seeker:Yeah could probably do that.  We are early in this so things could go either way.
supporter:For sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
seeker:I hope they go good for my and my wife sake.
supporter:me too
seeker:I have sleep problems and have been trying different medications.  Its hard to get the right amount of sleep.
seeker:thank you for all of your help.  I hope all goes well.  I appreciate it so much!

supporter:Hi! What's on your mind tonight? 
seeker:I think a friend I've known for 30 years since college has drifted away from me.  Even during the pandemic she has made new friends.
supporter:Oh, I'm sorry, that's not fun at all, especially since you two have been friends for so long. 
supporter:Have you tried reaching out to her by phone, email or social media? 
seeker:She has cut our conversations short by saying she is tried. She will return text but I feel like I am always initiating.
seeker:She likes watching tv show and told me with her NEW friend they Facetime and watch TV together.  I really hate watching TV so don't want to offer to participate. 
supporter:Well, it's a positive sign that she hasn't blocked you completely. I agree, texting her each day could irritate her. 
supporter:That's okay! You shouldn't do anything that isn't fun or enjoyable or comfortable for either of you, in my opinion. 
seeker:I am jealous that she is more successful in making new friends. I have not made a new friend in over 10 years.
supporter:It sounds like perhaps you should focus your attention on other friends and hopefully eventually this friend will need you for something in thier life 
seeker:I don't have many other friends and they are out of state.  The one we are talking about lived an hour away but we would see each other 4 to 6 times a year,
supporter:So you're saying you feel hurt and depressed at not being able to make new friends easily in the pandemic, correct?
supporter:Ahhhh.,.....yes that;s difficult, oh boy. 
seeker:Hurt, mad, jealous. I have trouble getting out enough to make friends - even if there wasn't a pandemic. I work a lot. 
supporter:For the time being we're all stuck at home mostly, so maybe take some comfort in that in a strange way. Heck I rarely see my friends - maybe once a year, so I know how that feels. 
seeker:Good to know I'm not alone. 
supporter:On the bright side of things, at least you have a job. Do you enjoy your job? Maybe start friendships with coworkers, possibly. 
seeker:Work place is very small and I'm not in the clique there. Vaccine will be available to my age group soon and the weather is getting warmer. So there is that to look forward too.
supporter:How often do you get out for fresh air? Sure it's not going to solve the lack of friends but it does help to clear your mind to go outside the next few months after work. 
seeker:Good idea. I really hope being able to take walks will help me clear my thoughts.
supporter:Yes, I agree with you, the warmer weather with the vaccine will probably speed up the end of all this. Cabin fever is real. 
seeker:I may join the book club when the library reopens.
supporter:It's really hard for people in our situation right now because there's only so many virtual things to attend but maybe I just thought of a virtual cocktail hour, and you could go on Facebook or even meetup.com or a free dating site to connect with other people in our situation who live near you. The book club is a great idea. 
seeker:Good ideas.  Thank you.  It was nice chatting with you.
supporter:Same here, wish I could've been more helpful but we're in similar situations and nothing else came to my mind. Hang in there, you're doing great under the circumstances!

supporter:Hi! How is life treating you right now? 
supporter:(apologies for the delay, I was afk)
seeker:ITs been better. I am dealing with issues in life. 
supporter:What sort of issues are you having? I am happy to listen
seeker:she was giving her kids who were 12 and 15 drugs, I turned her in to CPS for it. The relationship ended in a fury and  a mess. 
supporter:Who is she? A partner, a sister or similar? I am glad you turned her in, whoever she was. 
seeker:girlfriend. 
seeker:well ex girlfriend. 
supporter:That is a really lousy thing for her to have done. I am glad that you did the right thing! 
seeker:Shes pretty furious from what I know. Shes trying to stalk me and find where I moved to. I left the state i lived in over all this. shes been known to be a bit violent and crazy in her reactions. 
supporter:Have you considered getting a restraining order against her? That should be quite easy to do
seeker:it would then give her my address to where I live, which is what I fear most. as she then knows right where I am. the whole reason i left was to have her not know my location. 
supporter:I hope that she would not be informed as to where you live though yes, I understand the dilemma. Have you spoken with the police?
seeker:I have. I looked into it. and if i file a restraining order, it will give her my address. To supress my address it would take charges filed and things of the sort. Shes crafty. 
supporter:Wow that sounds like it has put you in a bind. I do understand cos once I had to flee from a boyfriend and was scared he would come after me. 
seeker:She will definately come after me. I have evidence that makes her guilty that has been turned into the attorneys and cps. Shes losing custody of her daughter who is 12. The 15yr old lives with the father. so she wont lose custody, but im sure her visits will be messed up. 
supporter:Are you still in contact with her kids? Do you have a good relationship with them?
seeker:I am not. I am not planning on it either. Staying away is the best plan. 
supporter:It might help them a lot to have someone stable in their life though? 
seeker:they have fathers. I am not involved like that. we had a short relationship and I am sure her girls will be bitter with me even tho i did the correct thing by turning her in. 
seeker:but the guilt from turning her in is terrible. 
supporter:You did the right thing. Would you have wanted the girls to end up as addicts, dead or in prison?
seeker:She was not a good person. So it makes it easy to not regret it. but i still feel guilty. guilt caused issues last month when this all started and came to a head. it was a mess. I was a mess. things happened. 
supporter:Do you think that perhaps the guilt is not entirely related to your circumstances currently?
seeker:I dont believe so. The guilt to me sets with causing a disruption between mother and daughters. It created a large burden for me to bear. 
supporter:I know it is difficult but I hope that you can manage to move on from this and find happiness. 
supporter:Thank you for talking and I wish you all the best. 

seeker:Hi there.
supporter:hi how are you today? How can I assist you?
seeker:I'm feeling really stressed. I'm about to graduate from college, but my last two classes are killing me. I keep having dreams that I've been forgetting to go to a third class and now I won't graduate.
seeker:It's keeping me from being able to concentrate on the real classes.
supporter:It seems you are working really hard and in stress due to your classes. 
seeker:Yes, I am working really hard.
supporter:The good part is you are giving your best and keep doing it. don't think too much about the result. These kind of dreams are the worries inside you. 
seeker:It's hard not to think about the result when the stress is interfering with my studying. I don't know how to manage the stress.
supporter:I can understand the situation you are going through. You are working hard and keep doing it and try to mediate for few minutes in a day. Hope that will release your stress.
seeker:Okay, meditation. I can do that. 
seeker:But what else can I do?
supporter:When I am in stress I do mediation and it gives me relaxation and a new way to think. sometime our body and mind need peace to work better.
seeker:I've never meditated before. I'm not sure how. I even worry about meditating, my goodness.
supporter:Mediation is just to concentrate on your breath. There are so many videos on internet. You can take short break when you feel exhausted and talk to friend and family for a while. It will help you. 
seeker:Okay, I'll try that. Hopefully it helps.  I'm just so worried about graduating now that I'm so close.
supporter:You will graduate with flying colors. My best wishes are there with you. stay focused and calm. That's the mantra. Hope you will achieve whatever you want. Best wishes!
seeker:Thank you!
seeker:I'm so close to getting  my degree, and it's been a long time coming!
supporter:Is there something else that I can help you with? The time will go fast. don't worry
seeker:I know, only two months left! And I only had two classes left this semester, so maybe that's why I keep dreaming I've forgotten a class.
seeker:Did you have a similar experience sometime?
supporter:You can do it I am pretty sure. Keep working on your goal.
supporter:I had such kind of anxiety when I was in college. The best way to come out from it is to stay focused and calm.
seeker:It does make me feel better that it's a pretty universal feeling.
supporter:yes, It happen with all human being I believe.

supporter:Hi
seeker:hi, how are you?
supporter:good how are you
supporter:can you talk more about your feelings at this time?
seeker:Ive been better, but thank you for asking. I have suffered through depression my entire adult life. Now its at its all time worst. I am financially struggling and trying to provide for my 3 kids. I can no longer afford doctors visits or my prescription meds for anxiety and depression
seeker:I feel overwhelmed and hopeless.
seeker:have you ever struggled with depression or anxiety?
supporter:it sounds like you're really anxious and stressed about this situation let's try to figure out a path to move foward
supporter:Yes I have also struggled with depression and anxiety 
seeker:absolutely
seeker:I am sorry that you too, know what that is like
seeker:how are you coping with that now?
supporter:I try to do yoga and meditate in order to deal with stress
supporter:it's great that you are trying to find solutions 
seeker:That is awesome! Meditation is my go to. I love nature, crystals and meditation.
seeker:Thank you
seeker:I am trying my best.. it is challenging
seeker:Im good at helping others, but I have neve been able to help myself or listen to my own advice for some reason.
supporter:I have struggled with the same, have you considered counseling or another form of therapy ?
seeker:I have, but I haven't followed through because of money constraints. It also makes me very nervous to open up and talk face to face about my struggles
seeker:HAve you done that, if so, did it help you?
supporter:I have tried different methods of therapy, and have found low cost options in my area
seeker:That is good! Can I ask what state you are from?
seeker:I am in Tennessee
supporter:I am from connecticut 
seeker:nice, I have never been there before. How was the weather there today? It was 65 degrees and sunny here today.
supporter:around 40 degrees and windy and there is still snow on the ground
seeker:Oh wow! We rarely get snow, but a couple weeks ago we got snowed in. The mos snow my kids have ever seen! 
supporter:I miss the sun we have been snowed in for months
seeker:Thank you for talking to me, it has been a nice distraction from my own brain
supporter:you're welcome!
seeker:I can understand that! I love the sun and hate gloomy days
seeker:Do you have any children?
supporter:No im in college
seeker:thats cool, what are you studying?
supporter:Economics and Geography 
seeker:thats awesome!
supporter:Thank you!
seeker:I was horrible in my high school economics class, I could have used your help for sure lol
supporter:trust me the first economics test I took I got a 55% it did not come naturally to me
seeker:It is not easy! What kind of work are you wanting to do when you are finished with college?
supporter:Urban planning, what do you do for work?
seeker:that is cool! I was a vet tech for 8 years before having children, Then once my kids started elementary school, I was the child nutrition manager and ran their schools cafeteria. Since covid, I have not worked and I home school them.
seeker:I miss working with animals! 
supporter:I love animals I have a cat! His name is lucky
seeker:That is a cute name! I have a dog named Mamoa, he was a rescue from the Nashville Tornado that happened a year ago!
supporter:Wow do animals help with your stress?
seeker:he is a pitbull mix, we are not sure what he is mixed with, id guess a lab
seeker:yes very much so
seeker:I see him as my therapist lol
supporter:I have never had any dogs before but I see my cat as a therapist too
seeker:he also has anxiety from all he has been through so we are clingy to each other
seeker:I am glad you have Lucky for that!
supporter:You should take him on walks it would probably reduce anxiety for the both of you!
seeker:That is a great idea! I take him to state parks on trails sometimes when the weather is nice. I really need to make it a daily thing
seeker:Should we end this convo?
seeker:Ive never done one of these before
supporter:me either but i think we have enough data
supporter:you have to end it because you're the peer
seeker:okay, well I really appreciate your time and your input. it did cheer me up
seeker:good luck in college!
supporter:no problem nice talking to you too!

seeker:HI
supporter:Hi there! How are you doing?
seeker:I'm doing good, hbu?
supporter:I'm good! It's a beautiful evening where I am. What's on your mind?
seeker:Work is becoming a burden. I've just graduated college and my first ever job is stressful!
supporter:Oh wow! Well first of all, I want to say that I definitely empathize with you. My first job out of college was one of the most stressful times of my life. It does get better though.
supporter:What is stressful about your job?
seeker:Everyone I've reached out to has said the same. There are several factors that make my job stressful. The biggest issues are working from home and unrealistic deadlines.
supporter:Oh wow, that sounds really hard, and I can only imagine it is so difficult to be breaking into a new career entirely working from home. Even people I know who have been in their jobs a long time are struggling with remote work. It is hard if your company is not being flexible on deadlines during this time. 
supporter:Have you found any strategies that have helped a tiny bit?
seeker:It has been very hard in general, training has been a nightmare! I've tried to develop some coping strategies but they seem to fly out the window when i'm really stressed. I tend to over eat in these situations aswell.
supporter:I totally feel that! I think that has been a struggle for me during quarantine too - the "quarantine fifteen!" I have had to look for other forms of comfort to keep that at bay ... but I did bake cookies tonight :) 
supporter:I know I'm just an mturk rando, but the one thing I know that has helped almost everyone I know with career stress is having a mentor. Especially someone who is not at your company. Do you know anyone, even a friend of a friend, who could maybe be a sounding board for your career?
seeker:Haha you're a good rando. I would love to have someone to be a guide in my career but most of my family are blue collar workers. Whenever I vent they think its a joke because my job is cushy and pays extremely well. I'm honestly the snowflake in the family.
supporter:Oh say no more! I totally get that just based on my own background as well. The only thing I could recommend is to cast a wide net when thinking about mentorship... maybe even a former professor in your field could recommend a former student who graduated a few years before you. Just a thought, but I know for myself, it's nice to have validation if the people I am working with are having unfair expectations.
supporter:I hope that helped a bit, and if not, please let me know. We can keep chatting and dig into this a bit more if you'd like. What do you think?
seeker:You definitely given me some food for thought, I didn't think this would go so well lol 
seeker:Makes me feel a little less lonely today :)
supporter:I really enjoyed talking with you! Also, I just have to say, we are all having such a hard time with this pandemic. It's not just you - you aren't broken. You are doing your best as we alll are :) 
seeker:omg don't make me cry, I'm tearing up rn. I just want to thank you for the tips! 
supporter:You are totally welcome! I've been where you are (minus the pandemic). You will make it, and you really will adjust to the stress and also find better jobs over time.
seeker:Thank you so much! Maybe our paths will cross again on Mturk. 
seeker:Have a goodnight/day where ever you are!
supporter:I hope so! Best of luck to you... straight outta Austin, TX :) 
seeker:Boston, MA signing off :)

supporter:Good evening, how are you feeling at the moment?
seeker:Hey, how are you. I wish I can say I'm good but feeling down and nervous. :(
supporter:Oh I am so sorry. Please know that I am happy to listen! What is going on with you?
seeker:I'm about to lose my current job, because my contract is about to expire. I don't have another job offer on the line. 
supporter:Is there no possibility of having your contract renewed?
seeker:They honored my current contract, but due to rising cost and expenses they are downsizing the company.
supporter:It could be due to the pandemic, I suppose. Are you in touch with government agencies who could help you due to the exceptional circumstances?
seeker:Yes I reached out, but unemployment won't help as much, won't cover most of my expenses. I just don't know how to deal and cope from this. I want to change my mindset but it's all at once and I can't deal with it.
supporter:I think a good place to start would be your doctor - they might be able to refer you to a counsellor. 
seeker:I understand seeking professional help is a good move. But its more the feeling of uncertainty that I have trouble coping with. I know if I can overcome this, I can deal with it and move on. Any ideas? 
supporter:Would you consider taking some sort of job on a temporary basis, even though it is way out of your normal field?  Bar tending or something? Just to make you feel you were earning. 
seeker:I do have side incomes, but I lost majority of my income. But I know I can find something in the future. I just need to overcome this anxiety and nervous feeling. Maybe then I can have confidence. 
supporter:Would you consider medication? It's not a panacea but it can help in the short term.
seeker:No medications, a bit stronger than that. I can cope without that. Probably might seek a professional and talk it out. 
supporter:Whatever you do don't go self medicating! That does not help at all. 
supporter:I hope I have been able to give you a little bit of piece of mind and I wish you a good deal of luck in the future
seeker:That true, I meant I dont want any medications. Might try other coping techniques, talking, breathing. 
supporter:That sounds like a really good idea! All the best 
seeker:Thanks for the advice of the professional though, I think its a good start. I feel better now.
supporter:Anyway thanks for talking :) Can you press the quit button as I am not allowed to my end. 
seeker:Yes, thank you for helping and good luck with everything. 
supporter:Glad to hear :) 

supporter:Hey! How can I help?
supporter:How are you?
seeker:I am sad because I lost a family member to politics.
supporter:How have you lost them?
seeker:I was not invited to Christmas and had a separate one. So the family picture is really awkward. 
supporter:Why do you think you were not invited?
seeker:Because he gets really angry at LGBT people.
supporter:Does he have a reason or is it just his thinking?
seeker:Have a reason for what, do you say?
supporter:Does he have a reason for getting angry at LGBT people?
seeker:He has the right wing agenda stuck up his ass, but no, no real reason whatsoever. 
supporter:If he doesn't respect your lifestyle, I'm sure he doesn't hate you as a person, he just needs time to accept your decision.
seeker:Perhaps so, but I still feel like it is unfair. I have accepted that we will probably not be on good terms in the future.
supporter:You should strive to be on good terms, no matter how long it takes. It's just a matter of how long
seeker:I should, I fear that it will take too long, but it is worth it. 
supporter:Yeah! It will all be worth it. Maybe try to understand it from where he is coming from, did anything happen for him to feel this way?
seeker:That's something you would have to ask him, but I feel like I am at peace for now. Let people do their own thing, is what I think.
supporter:Yeah that a good way to look at it. Maybe take your mind of it by occupying yourself
seeker:Well I think you are right. Perhaps I'll do that right now. Thanks for chatting it was helpful!
supporter:Your welcome :)
seeker:Yes, thanks :)
supporter:No problem!

seeker:Hi, how are you?
supporter:I'm doing well. How are things going with you?
seeker:I'm really pissed off. My friend totally screwed me over. We were doing a business deal and he lied about how much money we got from the deal. He screwed me!
supporter:Oh no, that must be so frustrating for you.
seeker:We made a piece of software together. It was sweet. We were marketing it to different firms. We thought we could make a bundle.
supporter:So you were partners in the development of the software and both put in a lot of work? Did you have any indication that he might try to defraud you?
seeker:The stupid SOB went behind  my back and cut a deal. I didn't get as much as I should have. I totally didn't suspect anything because we had been friends for so long. 
seeker:I guess the money was too sweet. Never again...
supporter:So it feels like he took advantage of your friendship. That must be hard, but don't beat yourself up about it.
supporter:Let's come up with some safeguards for the future to avoid more incidents.
seeker:Good point. I feel like a fool, but it could happen to anyone. 
seeker:Safeguards. Ok.
supporter:What do you think you might have done differently? You can only control your behavior, not the other guy's. Could you have put a contract in place?
supporter:Or have a shared Google drive where you both put all the information relevant to the development and marketing?
supporter:You doing okay?
supporter:It was nice talking with you, and I do hope I helped you feel more in control of your next business venture. It's okay to feel that anger at your (former) friend, too. Use that feeling to work through things and I'm sure you'll be feeling more optimistic soon.

supporter:Hello, how are you today? 
seeker:I do not know what to do. I feel like shit.
supporter:Okay try not to worry. Can you tell me a bit about why you feel so bad?
seeker:I got kicked out of the home I was living in.
supporter:Wow I am really sorry. Were you living with family, or with friends?
seeker:I lived in a rented room.
supporter:So you were thrown out from a place you were renting? Did you do anything wrong?
seeker:No. The renter said he just wanted me out. He also charged me ninety extra dollars.
supporter:Wow that is illegal. Do you know that there are organisations that can help you with this sort of thing?
seeker:No. I did not. I asked my exboyfriend at the time for advice. He just say to pay him and move.
supporter:I think that that was bad advice to be honest. I think that you are being ripped off. Do not worry, there are things that you can do about it! 
seeker:That is reassuring. I would like action to be taken for justice.
supporter:You are definitely entitled to it. Do you have somewhere else to live in the meantime?
seeker:I have a couch to crash on. Another guy said I could store my furniture in his basement. But no official room.
supporter:It's a precarious position to be in, especially during a pandemic. Do you have any family members who might help? 
seeker:Yes, I could call my mother. She has a room to stay in. But I only have the money to drive to her home, not the money for a rental truck to move all my stuff.
supporter:Would any family members be prepared to loan you money or a vehicle?
seeker:I could ask my aunt to use her car, she has an SUV, where as I drive a sedan. 
supporter:How much stuff do you have that needs to be moved? 
seeker:Queen bed, bed frame, small desk, roll chair, bookshelf, rug, boxes of kitchen stuff, etc. 
supporter:Try not to worry too much - I was in this position once myself and it did all turn out for the best though it was very scary at the time. 
seeker:Yes, I feel almost numb from the depression. Like non of my stuff matters, only that I am physically safe. 
supporter:I think it would be a good idea for you to try and get medical help for your depression.
seeker:Yes, I agree. Asking for help is a plan.
supporter:I wish you all the very best with it - there is help out there! 
supporter:Enjoy the rest of your day :) 

seeker:Hi. Is someone there?
supporter:YES, my name is Cheryl. How are ya today?
seeker:Doing ok. Trying to stay busy with a Youtube channel I just started.
supporter:Is there something specific on your mind or heart? Maybe regarding the start of the Youtube Channel?
supporter:By the way, what's your name?
seeker:Situation is as described above; have an addiction issue which led to prison time. Trying to get back on track. Youtube channel is to share things I learned about religion as I took a deep dive with the time I had. Sorry, not wanting to share name. 
seeker:People told me I should become a minister or write a book. The Youtube channel is to share the insights. 
supporter:Oh no problem regarding the name. I'm sure that you could be helpful to so many. And it must be difficult getting back on track into the wide open world.
seeker:America is unforgiving of mistakes initially. But we were a country founded on cast offs from other places.
seeker:Assume you are in the States, or no?
supporter:For sure! It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders!
supporter:I am in the US yes.
supporter:Do you have hopes of pursuing ministry at some point?
seeker:Problem is mainly no real source of income and covid-19 hasnt helped with job, or having outside association. On ministry I am of a faith without paid ministry. Hence the Youtube channel to reach out and share at the same time.
supporter:Knowing that there is a higher power takes the focus off of "me." I think this offers a better way of living.
seeker:Higher power- an AA term. Was in an AA group at prison even though addiction was different.
supporter:Regarding work especially in the Covid world ... I know it is a struggle. So many are having hardships right now.
seeker:Yes, I know but still too easy to look at own situation when some are starving. Not an issue I have.
supporter:Well I personally believe in one Almighty God. It sounds like you are saying a higher power is sort of elusive.
seeker:Yes, I believe in Yehovah as God. Some their higher power wasnt a god like entity. 
supporter:So I would like to encourage you on the Youtube channel idea.
seeker:Think we have timed out CHEERS
supporter:You could be a blessing to so many others. And sometimes just by sharing our hardships, the knowledge we gained is embedded even more.
supporter:Have high hopes that it will all work out.
seeker:Thanks for the answers. May god shine upon you and yours.
supporter:;)  Likewise my friend

supporter:Hi. How are you today?
seeker:Hi.  I'm OK.  How are you?
supporter:I'm OK as well.
seeker:so I have a person at my work that likes/wants to do my job.
seeker:they often do something that I was responsible for or I needed to do.
supporter:How do you feel when that happens?
seeker:I upsets me a lot
supporter:That can be really frustrating. 
supporter:What do you do when it happens?
seeker:I have gone to my supervisor and explained it to him.
seeker:At first he ignored it.
seeker:But recently, he paid a little attention to it.
seeker:I have had to speak with him 6 times in the last year about this.
seeker:Are you there/
supporter:It's good that you're seeking help from your supervisor. 
supporter:Is your coworker open to suggestions and feedback?
seeker:Yes.  He actually was married to her.  Now they are in the middle of divorce.  So I think he is more receptive now.
seeker:No.  She has been asked repeatedly not to interfere and keeps doing it.
supporter:Perhaps you can seek help from other coworkers as well. They may be able to provide you with support with this situation.  
seeker:Yes.  They all sympathize with me.  But there is nothing they can really do, as everyone is in a position below the two of us.
supporter:I've been in a situation similar to this and I found that talking to some of my friends outside of work has helped me to express some of my frustration and gain perspective. 
seeker:Yes.  That's a good idea.  I've told friends and they sympathize.  They don't understand why my supervisor isn't more forceful.  I have just kind of given up on it.  If she wants to do it, that's fine.  If anything goes wrong, I will blame it on her.
supporter:It seems like you have found a way to manage it during work. Why do you think that she is trying to do your work?
seeker:I think she want's my job.  Oh well.  It was nice talking to you.
supporter:It was nice talking to you too. I hope that it was a helpful conversation.

seeker:Hello
supporter:hello,what is on your mind today
seeker:I feel bad putting this on your shoulders, maybe you can help
supporter:i have big shoulders! whats on your mind?
seeker:I'm just struggling a lot to find the motivation to do anything at all, even the most basic of things
seeker:Sometimes I get very intense feelings of sadness and just want to drop everything I'm doing, like I can't do anything more
supporter:i think a lot of people are feeling that way these past few months. 
supporter:do you think it is covid related? not sickness, more depression
seeker:Yes that's very true, depression is probably hitting people the worst right now
supporter:its becoming a new normal lol
seeker:No I've been fighting depression since I was probably like 12 years old, it first really hit me when I moved from where I was living all my life and lost all my friends and I was terrified 
seeker:Now I'm 29
seeker:But covid definitely plays a factor
supporter:a few months ago i was feeling the same way. i dont have health insurance but googled and found some online docturs. i got to see a doc and get on antidepressants for less than a hundred
supporter:covid plays a factor in EVERYTHING ugh
seeker:So you had the therapy session online with them via webcam or you found them online first then went to see them in person
seeker:Yeah covid is doing damage in more ways than one
supporter:all online! :) meds shipped to my door. i love it!
seeker:Wow that's great
supporter:theres a free site called 7 cups that does free peer to peer couseling too. its good when i have a lot on my mind
seeker:I would have to do it in person, I don't want people I live with to hear about all my pathetic mental problems
seeker:Oh 7 cups, I had an account there and met a really nice girl there that was helping me and she was living with an abusive family at the same time, its crazy but now I can't access that account anymore, I'm so sad about that
seeker:I think it says the account doesn't exist when I try to login now
supporter:can you make a new  one?
seeker:Sure I guess I'll have to do that but I really wanted to get back into that account, don't want to lose contact with that girl that was helping me
supporter:cerebral is that one site with the cheap docs 
seeker:do you mean um....cheap med? cerebral seems to be an antidepressant when i googled
supporter:check the website q and a
seeker:oh wait nevermind i spoke too soon
supporter:for cupsmaybe thers a contact you can email to try to regain access
seeker:Yeah definitely, I should try contacting their support to try and restore my account
supporter:they are doing so much things now, you just gotta get on google and see whats out there! 
supporter:i think you are going to be okay, there are definately tough times but you seem to have a grip on knowing what you need. that is great
seeker:Yeah, I gotta do therapy thats a must and I think it has to be in person so I can try to let some of it out with someone face to face.......but that's going to be very hard, to trust someone and open up about everything because its not just depression
seeker:Online is convenient but its just too much going on
supporter:i agree, just with all the covid crap i know it can be hard to get a face to face! :)
seeker:Right...
supporter:its great that you know what you need to do though adn that you know what helps
supporter:is there anytihng else you want to talk about?
seeker:Ah I don't know it's too much, I don't want to make this hours long
seeker:But thank you for talking a little bit about it with me and sharing those resources
seeker:Hopefully I can find a 'natural' way to fix these things without taking meds that might change who I am for the worst or something
seeker:Hope you have a nice night and stay healthy, you and your family
supporter:hang in there!
seeker:Thanks, you too, bye
supporter:nice talking to you!

supporter:Hello there, is there anything I can help you with?
seeker:hello, thanks for reaching out to me
supporter:You're most welcome! How are things in your life right now?
seeker:not so good
supporter:Is there anything specific that is making you feel bad?
seeker:Yes, i lost my 9 - 5 job last week, and considering the pandemic, it makes me anxious and scared
supporter:Wow that is not good at all. Do you have any savings that you can fall back on in the short term? 
seeker:Yes i have some savings , but it is not much
supporter:I believe that there are some government assistance programmes for people who have been made unemployed as a result of the pandemic. 
seeker:okay great! do you know how i an access it?
supporter:I am not totally sure but you could try asking your local Citizen's Advice Bureau and they should be able to help. 
seeker:Alright, no problem, also because of the job loss i have been having insomnia and anxiety problems
supporter:I hear you, I have been suffering badly from them the last year too. Have you seen anyone about it? 
seeker:Talked to few friends about it, but their advices does not help
supporter:Have you considered seeing someone professional? You might be able to get that free too given your circumstances
seeker:i have not seen any professional, do you think that will help?
supporter:Yes I think it should. They might be able to give you advice about your finances too. 
seeker:Okay great. but have you ever lost a job or know a friend that lost one
supporter:I have yes but I was fortunate enough that I was able to get a new one very quickly. I know that there is much more competition for jobs during this time though
seeker:okay that is very good for you, i am happy for you.
supporter:Have you started looking for a new job?
seeker:Yes i have, i have submitted my CV to different companies, i am expecting that they call for interview
supporter:Well that sounds very promising. I hope that you are successful. 
seeker:Thank you so much for that assurance, i really needed it It means a lot
supporter:You're most welcome and I wish you all the best in the future. 
seeker:Thank you very much, i wholeheartedly appreciate!
supporter::) You need to quit from your end and take the survey - I can't do it my end 
seeker:Okay i will do it right away. Have a GREAT Day!
supporter:You too! 
supporter:Just press quit and fill out the survey :) 

seeker:hi
supporter:so you feel as though your all alone?
supporter:I am here for you if you need to talk
seeker:I am going through some depression.
supporter:/sounds like you are depressed ? Well I can assure you that I am here if you need or want to talk about why your depressed.
supporter:when I get depressed , I just want to be by myself but it does help when I talk it out.
seeker:thank you for that. I am depressed due to the COVID pandemic. Stuck in the house for long time.
supporter:I can totally understand , with covid pandemic Its hard not to be depressed, considering all the changes going on.
seeker:Moreover, I have some deaths in the extended family due to COVID.
supporter:Oh! my having family members passing away is so awful , I am sorry to hear that and can understand why you are depressed.
seeker:yea, just trying to keep the spirit up and this depression keeps coming.. 
supporter:Have you reached out to anyone for support?
seeker:Not really.. what would you suggest?
supporter:I have had to in the past when I lost my dad, it wasnt due to covid but I really needed somone that didnt know me. 
seeker:Was it helpful?
supporter:Your family dr. would give you some information, that is how I was able to find somone. I was very thankful to my dr. And yes, it did help 
seeker:I might look for someone like that..
supporter:well it looks like you have a future plan, thats an awsome start. not to mention i will be here for you as well, ya know extra support. 
seeker:Thank you.
seeker:One other quick question.. was it in-person or remote?
supporter:You are welcome, I hope your day is better now , stay as positive as you can, trust me its not an easy thing to do when going through what your going through now.
seeker:I will .. thank you
supporter:well , when I started it was in person, but now when i feel as thought I need to speak to my therapist its been over the computer,

seeker:Hi there! 
supporter:hello! what is on your mind today?
seeker:My girlfriend dumped me recently. I'm so lonely. I want another girlfriend, but I'm afraid that I'll never find another one like my last . I don't want to go through the turmoil again.
supporter:breakups can be really hard!
supporter:can i ask why she dumped you?
seeker:Yes. And this one has been so hard on me. I've lost my appetite. I have trouble sleeping.
seeker:She said that "we are just not compatible" which sounds like BS. I think she was cheating on me, too.
supporter:sounds like you are pretty depressed. that is understandable though
supporter:if she was cheating she wanst that good of a girl friend. if she said you were not compatible then it sounds to me like she has someone else
seeker:Yeah, but I really liked her a lot. I think that maybe we just needed more time. She didn't know me well enough.
supporter:as hard and lonely as it is right now, it was a good thing. yiu seem really great, and you deserve way better than that!
seeker:Thanks! I keep telling myself that, but I'm worried that the same thing will happen with the next girlfriend.
supporter:it can be hard letting people in so they can get to know you
supporter:fear and worry is natural, expecially after being hurt. can you think of anything you could do differnt in a new relationship if you entered one?
seeker:I wonder that too. Did I shut her out? Was she needing more from me?
seeker:Maybe I could be more open? I'm not sure. After this experience, I really don't trust women.
supporter:personally, i think dating right now is hard with all the covid crap. its hard to go on dates and do things other than sit in front of a tv. it makes things difficult
supporter:do you trust your mom?
seeker:Maybe it is better to wait a bit. But I feel like I need to DO something to get better, not just wait around. 
seeker:In matters of the heart? No, I don't trust my mom. In matters of the kitchen, yes.
supporter:lol  i was adopted. i don't trust my mom. either of them... lol that was a horrible example
supporter:what i was getting at awas maybe changing your sentance to i dont trust many women
seeker:OH! Ok. I see what you are saying. I should be careful about generalization. That's a good point. One bad experience shouldn't color my view.
supporter:if you try to get into a new relationship with the mentality that woment cant be trusted.... what re the chances you open up and let the next girl get to know you?
supporter:you seem like you have a good head on your shoulders!
seeker:True. But how do I learn to trust women without getting badly hurt again? 
supporter:it does suck with things rae not pre-covid normal and you go from having someone there to being like what do i do now? i just binge watched national geographic out of boredom. i think i am going crazy
seeker:Hm. So, Dr. Freud, tell me about your love life.... LOL. Just kidding. I feel ya. I want to learn trust, but I don't know when the right conditions will return.
supporter:you are hurt because she broke up with you... that will make you stronger and be more attentive next time. and if everyone was born and met thier solemate it would be odd. life is about ups and downs. by the time you find mrs right, all these idiots that were not good for you will help turn you into the perfect person for the one that wont break your heart
seeker:True. You make a lot of great points. I needed to get some perspective on this issue.
seeker:Thanks for chatting with me today!
supporter:lol i have had my fair share of horrible relationships and breakups trust me
supporter:it was nice talking to you!
seeker:Thanks again!
supporter:have a great night!
seeker:You too! Best of luck with your next "client." :-)

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hey! How can I help?
seeker:So I don't know if you can see the topic of my problem like I can see on my screen?
seeker:If not I'll explain
supporter:Yes please do
seeker:So I had a long time friend who recently blocked me from everything. The reason was I refused to hang out with her during covid and she questioned our friendship. Something she said was "It's selfish of me to work rather than spend time with a special friend." 
seeker:So I got upset and called her out. And in response she blocked me.
seeker:And I'm more upset at myself because I wanted to tell her more about how horrible of a human being she is in general. 
seeker:But I cannot because she blocked me on everything.
supporter:Have you explained to her that you NEED to work, and don't be upset with yourself because you did the right thing
supporter:If your friendship was strong she will surely unblock you
supporter:Give her time to cool down
seeker:Yeah I did. And she just got more upset and said I was selfish. 
seeker:Like she's the type who would not back down
seeker:and she's lost many friends and romanics partners that way
seeker:So I feel like she's not going to unblock me and get back together. 
seeker:I'm just really upset because I want to call her off, not because I lost a friendship. 
seeker:Because screw her : ) I put up with her too much.
supporter:You are not the one who is selfish here as you have done the right thing, and she will hopefully see that
seeker:Should I go to her house and personally tell her how I feel? 
supporter:If she doesn't then you know she wasn't worth your time in the first place
supporter:And no because this will make her more angry
supporter:If she is aware of how you feel, she will come back in due time
seeker:I guess I'm the type of person who has to tell people how I feel, otherwise I won't find peace. 
seeker:Do you have any other suggestions how I can get passed this? 
supporter:But for now, you should find other ways to make peace with yourself, for example, hanging out with other friends and that may take your mind of it
supporter:and if that isn't an option simply keeping yourself busy may help
seeker:But I can't really hang out with anyone because of COVID. That's how this whole situation started : )
supporter:Maybe spend more time with work, or keeping yourself occupied with other things
supporter:And she will come back if she really cared about your relationship in the first place
seeker:Yeah, work can keep my mind off all this. 
seeker:And that's true. 
seeker:Thank you for listening to my ranting. 
supporter:Your welcome, there is always someone out there for you :)
seeker:Aw thank you! You have a good one. 
supporter:You too!

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hi, how are you?
supporter:Doing good.. How are you?
seeker:I'm feeling really anxious these days. 	I'm finding the COVID online learning experience to be too much for me at this time. I want to stop school, but I don't think I can afford to. I need to get done with school.
supporter:I understand your frustration. All of us are challenged due to COVID.
seeker:School was always hard. Now it's gotten harder. I think a lot of people are stressed. 
supporter:How long are you doing the online school?
seeker:Last semester and this semester. It feels like a lot longer though. 
supporter:What are you missing most? Friends?
seeker:A balance in life. I spend so much time online. I'm always staring at a screen. I would like to get aware from the computer.
supporter:As the vaccination started, I believe we will be back to normal soon.. 
seeker:Yeah, I can't wait for things to return to normal. Until then, I don't know what I can do to feel normal.
supporter:I saw some of my friends hang out in zoom... having virtual drinks.. have you tried that?
seeker:No, I haven't. I thought it wouldn't be the same as really hanging out. I don't drink. I do like to play board games though.
supporter:It will not be same.. but better than being alone.. 
seeker:That's true. I wanted to play board games online with some friends, but they weren't interested. It's not the same thing to play with strangers.
supporter:I have a group with my elementary school friends.. we hang out in zoom because we all are spread out across the globe.. some times.. it;s fun as we can share a lot of memories..
seeker:That's great. I wish I had kept in touch with my friends from those days. I'm not really much for just socializing though. I like some kind of activity, like games.
supporter:Got you.. try to form a group on-line with the people you know.. at least until this CONVID thing is over..
seeker:Ok. Not really sure how to form a group. I want to reach out, but so many people are flaky. They makes plans then bail at the last minute. 
supporter:For sure you would find someone.. if you keep looking..
seeker:Ok. Will do. I'll see what I can get done. Thanks for your help.
supporter:you welcome
seeker:Have a good day!
supporter:Could you please close the chat.. 

supporter:Hi there, how are you feeling at the moment?
seeker:Okay for the most I guess.
supporter:Is there anything you'd like to open up about today?
seeker:I just wanted why people do not see to notice me or want to have a conversation with me.
seeker:Typos, sorry.
supporter:I am sorry to hear you feel that way - are you talking about anyone specific or just generally?
seeker:Some of my own family members actually, I get cut off or not heard at all.
supporter:So you feel that you are being treated as though you are invisible in a family setting?
seeker:I share pics in an email or text and share things in person but no one seems that interested and yes I listen to them.
supporter:That really sucks. Do you have many friends and contacts outside of the family setting?
seeker:Not really, I never made friends too easily.  Not seeing anyone in person because of the pandemic except a few family members.
supporter:Yes the pandemic is making everyone feel a bit raw I think. Are you actually seeing your family in person regularly?
seeker:I see them about two times a month, I am their ride as they have no car. Mostly it is my sibling, you can never please me, I know he is the one with the issue but just wish he would listen better and not make harsh comments.
supporter:Would you consider calling a family conference and telling them how you feel?
seeker:Meant please him.
supporter:It's okay I got it :) 
supporter:To be honest I have some experience of being in this position and eventually I had to cut some family members off for my own mental health 
seeker:It would not help, he would never go for that. Sometimes we do have a rare good talk. Just frustrated because I saw him today and he once again made some comments.
supporter:There are counsellors available that you could see one to one that might be able to help you be more assertive?
seeker:Oh I am quite assertive but with family I do not want to cause any issues.
supporter:I understand. So this is not an overall issue, just a family one?
seeker:Thanks anyway, you cannot change anyone but yourself. I will survive.
supporter:I wish you all the best. I hope that things will pick up for you in the near future! 
seeker:In the past I was more invisble to others in general but that has improved as I will actually strike up a conversation. Just sometimes I feel unnoticed.
seeker:Thank you.
supporter:Thank you for talking! 
seeker:You too, take care.
supporter:(you have to end it your end ... I can't :)) 
supporter:you just have to press quit and then take the survey :) 
supporter:Please can you end the chat? Neither of us will be paid if you do not and it is physically impossible for me to!

seeker:Hi, how are you? I am dealing with a lot right now!
supporter:Hello! How can I help?
supporter:What is wrong?
seeker:My job is driving me nuts! I can't handle it anymore.
supporter:How is it driving you nuts?
seeker:The pressure has been building and building. They keep giving me more responsibility, but no more help! The pandemic has really made my job a lot harder.
supporter:I have also went through the same thing as you and I know how hard it feels, so believe in yourself
supporter:You have been given responsibility because you are competent enough to carry it out
seeker:I want to quit the job and get away from the pressure. I'm worried about my mental health and also about the risk of COVID.
seeker:I think that's the problem! I'm TOO competent.
supporter:Don't quit your job because it will only make life harder in the long run
seeker:I think the company wouldn't give me so much work if I were worse at my job. The reward for doing a good job is more work!
seeker:I know, I know! But the anxiety is killing me! Every day at work is worse than the last!
supporter:Being competent is good and you will surely get compensation for the amount of work you put in, maybe a promotion 
seeker:I don't want to quit. How do I find a balance? How do I manage my anxiety?
seeker:I don't think the company wants to give me a promotion because that would cost them more money. Maybe another company would pay me better.
supporter:You could always work harder and show them you can work, maybe then they will offer you a promotion
supporter:You can manage your anxiety by maybe meditating, it seems you have a lot going on so it would help to forget about things for a while
seeker:I have never tried meditation. That's a good idea. Maybe some other people at the company would like to try it too.
supporter:Yeah! Get others to do it with you and you may start to feel more comfortable
seeker:That's true. Meditation is a good way to get in contact with my emotions. It might help me not feel so isolated. 
supporter:Yeah! You are never alone you can always get through this
seeker:Yeah. I *can* get through this, if I reach out to others at the company. Maybe not the managers, but the other employees certainly know what I'm going through.
supporter:Yes and maybe they are going through the same thing so they would like to find a solution as well
seeker:I feel the anxiety getting better. I know that others have tried meditation to deal with stress and anxiety. It's a good suggestion. Thanks!
supporter:Your Welcome anytime!
seeker:I'm actually looking forward to work tomorrow! I bet that my co-workers will welcome the suggestion of meditation.
supporter:Yes thats the spirit! Don't let your mood change now
seeker:Will do! Have a good day.

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hello
seeker:How you doing today?
supporter:How may I help you?
supporter:I am doing good ... thanks..
seeker:well now a days I am struggling to keep myself sane because of not having a job.
supporter:Ohh.. you currently in between jobs. Is that correct?
seeker:well I am not doing any job just freelancing which is a stable and guarantee income
supporter:Are you looking for job?
seeker:Yes I am looking for one but so far not succeeded at all.
supporter:How did you prepare your resume? Have you had it revieed by any professional resume writer?
seeker:I made my resume from a website called Novoresume and time to time I update my resume too.
seeker:It looks pretty professional.
supporter:When you submit resume, first it is scanned by a software for key words. Are you sure you have all the right key words, so that the scanning software picks it up?
seeker:What are the keywords? do you know about anything it? I do not email the PDF file but the word file so my resume do not get ignore by the software company is using.
seeker:Do you think Covid-19 has anything to do with it?
supporter:If you don't have the right key words, it may not be picked up. The professional resume writers typically run the resume through the scanning software and make sure it is picked up at least 90% of the time.
supporter:For some businesses, COVID might be an issue.
seeker:Okay but what are the keywords? Is it different for different business?
supporter:yes, you need to compile keywords... from the potential job postings. ..and add them to your resume somehow... 
seeker:Covid-19 cause problem for everyone I guess not only me.
supporter:that's for sure..
seeker:Okay but I do not think so keywords are the issue.
supporter:Are you getting call from the employers?
seeker:I am not getting calls from HR deptartment.
supporter:good.. then keyword is not the issue.. 
seeker:Covid situation is getting better now so maybe I get a call.
supporter:Are you getting interview call?
supporter:I hope thigs will work out for you.
seeker:Yeah before covid I got two calls but during the Covid period not even one.
seeker:Yeah I hope so.
supporter:I think the situation will get better soon...
seeker:Yeah I hope so.
supporter:Anything else I could help you with?
seeker:No that was helpful.
supporter:thanks.. have a good day.
seeker:You too.

seeker:hello
seeker:anyone there
supporter:Hello, what can I help you with today?
seeker:am not fine
supporter:What is it that is making you feel this way?
seeker:i was cheated on severally, and it resulted me to end the relationship
supporter:It sounds like you had to deal with a partner recently cheating and a breakup, is this right? 
seeker:yes thats it
supporter:It sounds like this has been stressful for you and you are trying to figure out how to move on from this. 
seeker:exactly, i can tend to focus because i have given so much time and affection, i never thought i would be called the fool after everything i did
supporter:It is incredibly difficult to get something like this off your mind and it seems like you are trying your best to move forward with your life 
seeker:i want to move on but i dont know how, i tried to but i just cant
supporter:I have been through this, I learned how to keep myself busy and do things that I enjoy to occupy my mind and let time heal those wounds 
seeker:i think you right, maybe i should renew my netflix sub, since i find great interest in movies so as to get some positive vibes and think less of this whole situation
supporter:Science shows that during a breakup sometimes you romanticize the relationship and view it as better than it actually was and missing something that wasn't as good as you thought
seeker:yh thats true
supporter:My suggestion is to focus on new hobbies, spend time with friends and family when possible, if you have work you can do in the mean time, if you like to exercise or go outside, all of this is a helpful tool. 
seeker:this is really helpful, i really do appreciate this suggestions
supporter:Don't be afraid to express your feelings and confide in others about your emotions and mental health. It is still a loss and something you should feel comfortable grieving. 
seeker:Thanks alot, i feel very relieved talking to you alone, i feel like something negative just left me, i know i will be a better person from this day onward
supporter:I am glad this was helpful for you and hope you will seek further advice if you feel the need to discuss with someone unbiased. 
seeker:thanks, you are a life saver
seeker:gotta go now
supporter:Okay hope all is well and I can provide resources if needed for you. 
seeker:i got all i need now
seeker:have a nice day ahead
supporter:Thank you and same to you. 

supporter:Hi
seeker:HI, how are you? I'm having a problem. It's making me angry.
supporter:What makes you angry. Can you describe
seeker:My friend has a new girlfriend. She's really unpleasant to everyone. I can't stand her.
supporter:Oh  thats so sad. I am feeling very bad.
seeker:Thank you. I would like my friend to dump this girlfriend. She's ruining the friendship!
supporter:Do one thing call her and try to talk with her. In our world no one is mean.
seeker:I've tried to talk to her. She's arrogant and insulting. She thinks that everyone else is an idiot. Talking to her just makes me angrier!
supporter:Take both of them to restaurant or call at home. Tell your problem directly
seeker:I would like to talk to my friend without the girlfriend around, but she seems to butt in all the time. I can't get him alone to explain how this crazy woman is ruining his other friendships. 
supporter:Very first you have to calm down.Don't break your friendship so easily. Friends are like gems.It's my request not to give up
seeker:Thank you. I don't want to lose the friendship. I don't think I can stay calm with that woman around.
supporter:Tell me how you are feeling to leave your friend because of one girlfriend
seeker:I am feeling that it would be a shame. We have been friends for so long. I don't think the girlfriend cares about my friend's feelings or friendships. She just thinks about what she wants.
supporter:Make sure with me today that you won't break your friendship. Please reassure with me .
seeker:I will do my best to maintain the friendship. I might have to put it on hold for a while. Until he breaks up with the crazy woman.
supporter:Anything else I can help you?
seeker:No, thank you. I think I can try again to save this friendship and put aside my anger.
supporter:You are very nice!!!
seeker:Thanks. Well, have a good day!
supporter:You too!!!
seeker:It was good that we had a chance to chat. I didn't realize how angry I was.
supporter:Don't keep any hard feelings for those who like you more
seeker:I'll do my best.

supporter:How may I help you?
seeker:Hi I am feeling quite sad today.
supporter:Ohh, sorry to hear that. Any partucular reason?
seeker:Yes I feel like my friends just don't care about me much at all.
supporter:You saying that your friend does not care about you any more. Is that correct?
seeker:Yes, when we get together all they want to do is talk about themselves. When I raise something that is bothering me they just ignore what I say and go back to what they want to talk about.
supporter:That's not good. You must be feeling left out. 
seeker:Yes I feel left out and unsupported by them.
supporter:Any particular reason they are doing such thing?
seeker:Well I think they don't care about me and are just selfish about their needs.
supporter:In that case, should you consider them as your friends?
seeker:Well they are the only friends I have and I have known them a long time. Do you think I should stop being friends with them ?
supporter:If someone is not friendly they are not real friend. You need to find someone who will stand by you no matter what..
seeker:Oh well that makes me feel sad too.  I will be saying goodbye to some long friendships. Do you think that is the only answer ?
supporter:Ok.. how about hosting them in your place for a gettogether.. 
seeker:Ok how do you think that would help me ?
supporter:They might open up if you are hosting .. people are generally nice to the host.. 
seeker:Yes that is true, it's a good idea.  I could also take the opportunity to tell them how I am feeling.
supporter:Good.. let's try that.. Anythign else I could help you with?
seeker:No you have been very helpful and I feel much better now I have a plan of action to address my problem. Thanks.
supporter:Thank you .. have a good day.

seeker:I lost my job recently that's why I'm very sad.
supporter:Hello
supporter:So you lost your job that is why you are sad right?
seeker:I'm very sad about my situation 
supporter:Okay so what kind of job was it?
supporter:And why do you think you lost your job?
seeker:I'm very sad because in this coronavirus situation its very difficult to get new job  
seeker:because of this coronavirus situation
supporter:Okay yes I agree with you I was also trying to find a new job since I had more time after graduating.
seeker:yes i now its very difficult time for everyone 
seeker:Now I'm looking for new job
supporter:Okay since you are trying to find a new job you could try to learn some new techniques online. So you could put that on your resume to keep you from feeling sad.
seeker:Now I'm waiting for to when government will opening all business
seeker:Thanks, Yes i will hope i can come from this situation 
seeker:yes I'm taking some trainings online 
supporter:Oh that is good. That will make you different from other people so when government opens up it will be easier for you to get in.
supporter:So I would say to keep your hope up by trying to learn new things so you do not feel sad.
seeker:Yes I have hope and i'm thinking positive
seeker:Thanks for giving me support 
supporter:Yeah that is the best medicine for right now. Your welcome.
supporter:Thank you for giving your time to talk to me.
seeker:I'm still struggling to get new job that's why I'm sad
supporter:Yeah in this economy right now not that many places are hiring right now so it is hard. Or they are hiring but a lot of people are applying so they are looking at everybody and choosing the best canidate.
seeker:yes its very difficult time i know, Thanks for your support
supporter:Your welcome.
seeker:good to having you
supporter:You too
seeker:Thanks

supporter:Good afternoon. How are you?
seeker:Im doing ok how are you
supporter:I'm doing alright. Why just OK? 
seeker:im struggling with a coworker! He continuely talks down to me and is just mean
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble with him. That can certainly be frustrating. What types of things does he say that make you feel talked down to?
seeker:He continuly says the work that I am doing is not good enough. He always has something to say about my driving and asking me to correct things that I cant such as hitting to many potholes
supporter:Well, in my experience, when someone is critical of you -- it says a lot more about their character than anything you did wrong. Is he your coworker or your boss? 
seeker:He is a coworker
supporter:Have you tried bringing up your feelings and frustrations to your boss or HR representative? 
seeker:I have but he continuely says he will talk to him but its been a month now
seeker:i
seeker:I have not talked to a HR representative
supporter:That would certainly be frustrating. Have you tried speaking to the coworker directly and letting him know how his comments are making you feel?
seeker:I have and he seems to just shrug it off
supporter:I had a similar experience at work once. I decided to ask the coworker directly what I could do to improve. Sometimes if you ask them to provide the solution they can see you actively trying. If that doesn't work, maybe you could just ask your boss if there is a possibility of not working with him and instead another coworker?
seeker:hmm that a great strategy! I have never asked him for a solution! I Can do that for sure in regards to talking to my boss and seeing if I just cant work with him!
supporter:Sounds like a great plan of attack. Just remember your own self worth along the way and try not to let him bring you down!

seeker:I face the situation of me being sad because I thought we could let this fight go over time but instead it has lead to us breaking up
supporter:Can you tell me more about the fight?
seeker:Yes, so we had a fight previously over Thanksgiving Break about how I woke her up from her sleep and she kicked me out of her place at like 4 in the morning. Then I pick her up to go try and get breakfast...then she starts punching me while I drive so I pull over. Then she keeps hitting me until I tell her to stop. 
supporter:Breakups are usually sad for at least one of the couple.  Is your sadness because of missing her or being alone or something else ?
seeker:It is because I do really miss her. I really hate that our fight got to that level to where we broke up
supporter:Breakups are hard, but it sounds like she was violent 
seeker:Yeah she was a little violent. I was honestly a little scared for my life for a second but people make mistakes.
supporter:Have you talked since then?
seeker:We have talked a little bit before hand this month. It was okay but I am still sad about what happened
seeker:She was very open to talking and such but I just wasn't ready because my family found out about what happened and are worried about my safety
supporter:If safety is an issue, then I think that maybe moving on is a good decision
seeker:I know but I am so sad because the break up was so quick and we did not really have closure after the whole fight happened between us. I still keep on thinking about her.
supporter:I suggest that you do things that will help you get over her., like going out with friends or a new hobby. Don't be in a hurry to get into a new relationship , but if one happens that would be great too. 
supporter:Is this your first breakup?
seeker:I will definitely try to get over her using those techniques you just said.
seeker:It's way harder to do than say though. No, this is not my first breakup with a woman but I felt like she was the one for me
supporter:Breakups are not always the end, but they usually happen for a reason, and whenever violence is involved it is usually better to move on
seeker:Maybe you're right! Just need to get productive and get my mind off of her for good since she was violent
supporter:I suggest you start trying to have fun with others and getting yourself out there where there will be new opportunities
seeker:I will definitely try. I know it will be hard because I am upset still but sometimes I guess moving on is the only thing that you can do in this situation
supporter:The sadness will eventually pass and I am sure there is someone out there that will be a good match for you 
seeker:Awww I hope so. Just like some people say...there are plenty of fish in the sea. Thank you for the advice. It was really helpful.
supporter:I wish you the very best .

seeker:I am feeling very sad right now, my boyfriend just broke up with me out of the blue
supporter:I am so sorry that happened to you. It can be very difficult to cope with situations that seem they come out of nowhere. Did your boyfriend give you any reason for ending the relationship?
seeker:He said he has been struggling with depression and needed to be alone
supporter:Sometimes having depression can make a person feel that they need to seclude themselves. Were you aware that he felt this way?
seeker:He has been distant recently.
supporter:Unfortunately that can be a sign of depression or that something is going on. Have you been able to communicate with him previously about becoming distant?
seeker:Every time I would bring it up he would dismiss it. I just don't know what to do. How can I get him back?
supporter:Maybe you could try to talk to him about seeking help for depression? Talking to someone close to him or even a professional would help him immensely. Talking to a counselor would help him learn ways to cope with his feelings.
seeker:That is a good idea. I want him to get back to being himself. He is like a different person right now. It's scary.
supporter:I understand completely. Depression runs in my family and if it goes untreated, can scare anyone that is involved. You can try suggesting that he talks to a close friend, family member, or counselor to talk about how he is feeling and ways to cope with it. Sometimes medication could be a good way to fix the chemical imbalance that can cause depression.
seeker:I will try to help him, he just doesn't want to seem to talk to my anymore. Do you have any suggestions on how to approach it with him?
supporter:You could start a conversation by saying that you just want to check on him and see if he is okay and how he is doing. You don't want to start the conversation by immediately telling him to get help, as he might just get defensive.
seeker:That is a good approach. And you don't think I will further upset him?
supporter:I don't believe it will upset him if you ease into suggesting that he should talk to someone he is close to or seeing a professional. Your main goal is to check on him and make sure that he is okay since he seems to want to be alone and not talk to anyone. Once he tells you how he is doing you could mention that even talking to someone about his thoughts and feelings could lift a weight off his shoulders. If he seems that he doesn't really know why he feels the way does, you could suggest that medically speaking, sometimes our brains don't produce the chemicals that we need them to and it could make us feel bad. Seeing a professional to get their opinion would also help greatly.
seeker:I agree, I hope he is agreeable to all of this. I just miss him so much and want him back.
supporter:It's very hard to see someone we care about go through this.
supporter:Communication is one of the best medicines there is to help someone feel better.
seeker:I just hope he opens up to me, and if not me, someone who can help him.
supporter:Even just trying to talk to him to see how he is doing will show him that care about him. I'm sure that once he is talking to someone about his thoughts and feelings, he will start to get back to his old self.
seeker:I hope so. I also don't feel like myself anymore without him and it has been getting me down. Thank you for the advice, I am hopeful things will work out for us

supporter:Hello, how are you feeling today?
seeker:Hi to be honest I am very depressed and angry today
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. What is causing you these feelings?
seeker:Since helping to raise my grandson and his dad is not helping, or cares how I am feeling.  My grandson has been really difficult lately and I find myself losing my temper quickly.
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. That sounds like a difficult situation. Have you tried any personal exercises to help you cope with the situation until you find a resolution?
seeker:I do go to a quiet place and try some deep breathing, but my grandson always comes walking in
supporter:That's certainly a difficult situation. Is there no resolution possible with the father of your grandson? I want to make sure that the cause of the depression has properly been addressed by you or someone else.
seeker:I try talking to him, but due to my grandson having some disabilities his dad does not really want to be bothered.  I just want my grandson to succeed and be the best he can be
supporter:I think it's great that you have such care and concern for your grandson. That shows how incredible you are and on behalf of your grandson, I think you are doing a tremendous job. I think you should continue to support him however you can, but it's also important to take care of yourself. Do you have time available for additional self care, or are there any new exercises you can try to try to take care of yourself?
seeker:Thank you for saying that it means alot having someone tell me I am doing a good job. I recently purchased a hot tub and have been thinking that maybe when he goes to bed I could go out and relax, but have not done that yet  
supporter:That sounds like a great start. Self care is vitally important in this difficulty time with COVID and the pandemic. I recommend any little bit of time that you can contribute to yourself, this includes reading, relaxing, meditating, exercise, or just resting. Anything that can help you repair so you are better prepared to help your grandson.
seeker:I will try my best to get more time for myself and try to relax more often that I currently am.  
seeker:I am also trying to accept that my medical issues are getting worse and I can not do all that I use to, and that truly frustrates me as well.
supporter:Do you think the anger you are feeling is directly a result of the situation? Do you feel the anger is manifested from somewhere else? I think it is important to get to the underlying source of the anger and take care of that first and foremost.
supporter:That's concerning, but very understandable. Are you able to financially seek additional help? Sometimes it's just what you need, as hard or embarrassing as that may seem. No one needs to know what you seek, but it is important not to disregard additional help, be it mental health, physical therapy, or just general prevention and detection from a PCP.
seeker:I feel that I am having trouble dealing with the fact that I am not able to do all the things I want to do.  It is not an easy thing to lose your abilities when you feel so young but your body says otherwise.
seeker:I was in physical therapy but could not afford it any longer.  So instead I purchased my own hot tub to be able to soak in and do some water exercises that may help me.
supporter:I think that's a normal way to feel and a frustrating part of growing older. I think focusing on positives and things you enjoy will help keep your mind away from thinking about "what used to be" or "what once was" - finding passions and joys in new things could help revitalize you. Can I help you find new hobbies or passions?
supporter:I think exercise bands are a great way to keep your limbs loose and nimble. They are affordable and available on Amazon. I have some and I think they're great. YouTube can help with exercises.
seeker:That is a great idea, I may even have some here that I could use.  I am lucky that I do have two dogs that keep me going as well and am trying to get out and take them on walks more, but not easy when is so cold out lately.
supporter:Totally understandable. I'm a little younger and even I am sick of sub 50F weather, so that's not age holding you back! I think it's important to maintain positivity and find any outlet that keeps that going for you.
seeker:Thank you I will definalty do that and will look for some additional exercises to do.
supporter:You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today, even if it's something as simple as providing suggestions for new things to try?
seeker:I would love some additional suggestions!!
supporter:Meditation has worked wonder for my best friend. The app Headspace is fantastic. I'd also recommend podcasts, using either and app or your computer, and find a series on a topic that you enjoy, weather it's mindfulness, or self-care. There are plenty to choose from and you can go at your own pace.
seeker:Those sound like great ideas, thank you again!!
supporter:You're welcome. I hope you find peace within and happiness again. Your grandson will improve with time, it's inevitable! But stay positive, stay focused, and be sure to not take anything out on him as he relies on you and your input. Have a wonderful day!

seeker:Hello.
supporter:Hello, glad to meet you virtually. How are you?
seeker:Im doing fine. What about you?
supporter:I am good.  How may I help you?
seeker:I have problem with the communication. One of the main problems, is that Im not sociable person, so I dont have a lot of friends, and the situation with Covid, just finished me. Now, I'm siitin at my home, just playing game and study. How can I start to communicate with people? 
seeker:Or to meet the new peoples?
supporter:I completely get that.  I am thinking that most people are feeling isolated therefore communication with others are feeling even more challenging thank usual.  Playing games can certainly help.  What type of games do you play?  Perhaps there are people that share the same interests
seeker:For example, the games that I'm playing are: Call of Duty, League of Legends. Yes it's multiplayer game, where can communicate throught the discord or voice, but I'm making a lot of cringe staff, that takes away new playes/friends. 
seeker:I guess, it cause of my fears, that I can miss the new friends. 
supporter:Multi player games help I would assume.  Do you play with people you actually know sometimes?  I am sure that you make a great friend so we can explore areas of meeting new people,  I can tell you that I am not having the easiest time keeping up with friends and I am certainly not meeting new people in person very often myself.   
seeker:Almost, I play solo. Yeah, I undertsand your message. You said right things.
supporter:Okay so perhaps play with people as opposed to solo.   Do you think it would be worth a try?
seeker:Yes, I need to try it. I guess it's one of the best way to solve my problem. Thanks
supporter:You are quite welcome.  Perhaps I can play as well.  Is it easy to catch on or are the games you play difficult?
seeker:Yh, it kinda difficult, cause need to know some staff, before you play it. 
supporter:Got it! Do you play sports or any other activities where you encounter people?

supporter:Hello
seeker:Hello, I am looking for help in managing some depression.
supporter:You've come to a good place to start.
supporter:Is there something in particular that is leaving you feeling depressed?
seeker:I am feeling resentful towards my husband for quitting his job, and my son for being the reason that he quit his job.
seeker:My son's behavior is causing a lot of conflict in our house and my husband not working is putting a lot of financial stress on us
supporter:I'm sorry to hear that. Feeling resentment for both your husband's loss of work and your son's loss of his job is entirely understandable. 
seeker:I have a hard time not dwelling on the negative things going on.  It's hard to see anything positive or feel hopeful for the future.
supporter:I have an adult son who also lost his job recently, and I understand the added stress that can cause in your household. 
supporter:That is a really difficult position to be in. 
seeker:My son is very defiant and argues with us about everything we try and get him to do, but he expects us to give him money for fun things that he wants to do when he isn't willing to work or even help out around the house
supporter:Regardless of what your husband's actions are and your son's, could you possibly make the time to do things to support yourself, that even momentarily would provide you with some positive feelings? 
seeker:I try to go for a run every night, that does help.  
supporter:That is very hard emotionally, so I am sorry you have to deal with your son's behavior.
seeker:It is hard to keep my emotions separate from what is going on with him
supporter:That is very understandable! Setting boundaries for yourself may help. Even when it's difficult, being clear with your son that you will not be giving him money could help. 
supporter:Sometimes being clear with your own expectations can help him to see what won't be accepted from him as long as he is living in your home.
seeker:Yes, I could do better at that.  I want him to have fun and do things with friends, but I want him to be willing to work for what he wants, too.  
seeker:I do struggle with expectations.  I want him to be someone that he is not willing to be, I need to let go of that and just let him be himself and not base my emotions on his choices.
supporter:I completely understand that. Especially when it comes to people we are close to, it can be hard to separate our expectations from theirs. 
seeker:I feel guilty sometimes taking time to do things that I like and that are away from my family.  I can see that I need to do that more, though.
supporter:I've had to learn this lesson many times with my own children. It's difficult, but ultimately will give you some relief from your resentment. 
seeker:Thank you, it is helpful to know that other people have felt the same way.
supporter:Absolutely! Being a parent is difficult. Remembering to support yourself helps. Making the time to do things to support your wellbeing doesn't make you selfish at all
seeker:Thank you!
supporter:You are certainly not alone.
supporter:Has any of this been helpful? Is there more I can do for you?

supporter:Hello
seeker:hello
supporter:What's on your mind?
seeker:I have real bad anxiety about the possible 2nd shut down due to the rise in Covid 
seeker:so many people lost their job during the first shut down
supporter:We are on the same boat
seeker:its extremely draining
supporter:I understand how you feel. I think others feel the same too, that we're exhausted no matter if we're directly  affected or not
seeker:yep.. it just makes me sad, I wish we didnt have to go through this
supporter:It saddens me too because even when we have vaccines, the damage has been done and the aftermath is unimaginable
seeker:I'm not to keen on taking a new vaccine
supporter:Can you tell me why not?
seeker:just like you stated, the damage is done
supporter:You should still take it though. What done is done, the new vaccine will help situation not getting worse
seeker:just because its new, it seems like its being rushed. 
seeker:i wont be the first in line, thats for sure. 
supporter:I thin it's rushed because people trying to push it so they voided some troublesome paperwork stage
seeker:i will continue to wear my mask and social distance for sure.
seeker:this is a hard time for everyone. 
supporter:Frontliners will get it first, you don't have to worry too much about the vaccine
seeker:i still have to worry, because about half of my family are on that line
supporter:Then you should be relieved since the sooner they  get the vaccine, the less worry for your family
seeker:nope, im scared
supporter:It's ok to feel doubtful about it, you can keep wearing mask and social distancing and take the vaccine when you feel ready
seeker:yes, thats what I keep telling myself. 
seeker:we all need to play our part to flatten the curve. at my job, people are getting covid and its scary.. so maybe the vaccine can and will help them 
seeker:thanks for the talk. i feel a little better. 
supporter:We need to put an end to this and vaccine is the fastest way. It's gonna take very long to find treatment

supporter:Hello there, how can I help?
seeker:Hello! I'm just here because recently I haven't felt motivated. I miss my friends and I want to see them and do things, but everytime they offer I am too unmotivated to go out even though I want to. And I live with one of my best friends, and I don't even do anything with her
supporter:So you are concerned that you are feeling unmotivated and don't feel like doing anything.
seeker:yes prettu much
supporter:Have you felt like this for a while or has it only been a recent change in your feelings and motivation?
seeker:It's sort of on and off recently. I'll get little bursts of motivation, and then it quickly goes away. Pretty much every other day
supporter:That must be a real challenge and if it is a recent change it is natural to feel concerned about this.
seeker:Oh really? I hope so I'm worried that it isn't natural since I haven't always been like this
supporter:I do not always feel positive and motivated myself and have spoken to a professional in the past which helped me understand why this is, for me it was linked to a lack of sleep.
seeker:Oh so me feeling this way could be a result of other things that maybe aren't at the healthiest in my life?
supporter:People's moods can be regulated by many things. I know for example that sleep and diet can play a big part in some cases. 
seeker:I feel like I eat okay and I get enough sleep, but I do work a lot. Very long days and I feel drained at the end of the day. That seems like the obvious reason, but usually I'm still able to do stuff afterwards...
seeker:So I'm not sure if that is truly why
supporter:have you tried talking to your friends and telling them now you feel? They may not know you are feeling this may and might be able to help you and provide support.
seeker:That's true, I haven't really talked to them about it. I usually have a hard time opening up
supporter:What is it about opening up that you find difficult? is it sharing your feelings with others?
seeker:I guess I'm scared I'm going to come across weaker to them
supporter:I think you have reached out for support and so you clearly want to do something about this which is a great first step. I think you can get over these fears and overcome them.
seeker:Yeah. It's just easier for me to do it anonymously but I do need to talk to the people that are important to me
supporter:I can tell you are anxious about it and fear coming across as weak but I think that would be a positive step for you.
seeker:Yeah, I think so too :)
supporter:I think you can do it and overcome this issue!
seeker:Thank you!
supporter:You are welcome
seeker:I'll do my best
supporter:Thanks for talking it through
seeker:Thanks for listening. I hope you have a great day!

seeker:I'm having issues with my parents. You can say we are having a conflict 
supporter:What kind of issues do you think you are having?
seeker:well they won't allow me to date this girl i met online. 
seeker:They told she's bad news 
supporter:I understand it can be very difficult at times with parents. Especially since they lived in a life that was very different from today. 
supporter:Have you tried talking to you parents about why she is "bad news"?
seeker:Yes, i tried but it won't get through their head. There are so old school. They want me to date someone close to my age.  is 15 year difference too big of a gap?
supporter:The basic problem is that your parents believe that 15 years is too large of an age gap between you guys. 
supporter:Is there any other reasons your parents dissaporve of her?
seeker:They told me she's  gold digger.  Yes i come from money but hey this girl is the one. 
supporter:You believe that the girl is not a gold digger, but instead you guys like each other for who you are. Money is not an issue for you guys?
seeker:nope not at all. hmm well she does ask to use my credit card alot. my parents foot the bill. 
supporter:Perhaps you should try to talk to your parents around this fact. For example, if money is the problem for your parents, you can set some rules. LIke you can set an allowance for how much money you can use each week.
seeker:Ok, i will talk to them this weekend. what's better on the phone or in person?
supporter:If you want a better communication, I believe in person will be best.
seeker:hate talking to my parents face to face, all they do is yell and i get frustrated 
supporter:I apologize and I do agree it is sometimes difficult. Perhaps it will be better to talk to them with another  person present.
seeker:That's a great idiea. i will bring my g.f or is that a bad idea? 
supporter:If another person is present, it may make it easier. However, I believe it should be someone that is not invovled in this issue. Perhaps another family member or a close family friend.
seeker:gotcha. i will bring my good friend. i'm sure he can help me out. great advice by the way. i'm so mad though why my parents care who i date. man i'm old enough. let me make my choices
supporter:Parents have a difficult time understanding their child at times. Hopefully, through this you all can become closer.
seeker:Thank you it will. will talk to them this weeked with a friend present. wish me luck :)
supporter:I personally understand how difficult this can be. But if this works out. You can have a good family relationship and maintain a good relationship with your girlfriend.
supporter:Best of luck!

supporter:Hello, how are you doing today?
seeker:Not too bad, really. Just kinda pissed. 
supporter:Sorry to hear you're upset. Want to share why you're feeling that way?
seeker:Sure, I guess "venting" is pretty much all I have that I can do at this point.
supporter:Do you feel like you can't take any actions in the situation?
seeker:Long story short - at work, a new boss pulled all the leadership OUT of the jobs they were hired for (some more than 12 years ago - so they have lots of experience) and shuffled them all around to new jobs - all that is except the 5 oldest employees - they got moved into "non-positions". No longer supervising anyone, only doing grunt work, etc. It ticks me off and there's nothing I can do about it.
seeker:I'm working on a *possible* action - RETIREMENT from this job. Only problem is - bad time to be doing that; pressure to keep my income up until my daughter graduates college, etc.
supporter:That sounds frustrating, especially if you're one of the employees affected and when the new boss doesn't seem to know what he/she is doing with the reorganization.
supporter:That's positive, though, that you at least have a strategy in mind with retirement, even if this may not be the best time right now.
seeker:She has a "plan", I guess, but it isn't being articulated that well, and these actions are demonstrating poor "people management" and seem to be both confusing lots of folks, and professionally insulting many others. Oh, and by the way, things are running WORSE than they were before, but it's being blamed on COVID
seeker:Problem with the "retirement strategy" is that it means going out on a limb with no job with the holidays coming up, and with COVID with no end in sight. SO, just "muddling through" the days these days, hoping better times are ahead.
supporter:It sounds like you are not the only worker who is seriously questioning the changes being made. 
seeker:Oh, no. 1 person outright quit immediately. 1 other has retired already. 1 more I know is retiring by New Years. Others are more "stuck", as they just CAN'T afford to quit OR retire. So, yeah, us "old folk" are not "happy campers"
supporter:Wow! From what you've said, it sounds like your coworkers feel much as you do about the changes. 
seeker:Yep. We are sort of our own "support group", but since we are all 100% teleworking these days, we don't "see" each other, though we try to touch base through phone calls at least once a week.
supporter:That must be tough, but it must help to at least commiserate through the phone calls and be able to relate to each other.
seeker:Yep. Best I can hope for at this point. If I find another job to transition to, that would improve things. Until then, gotta just "keep on keeping on"
supporter:My former spouse works for a company that has moved him to departments he needed to retrain to work in, and he is considering looking for a different job, maybe after COVID is outta here.
supporter:It sounds like you're determined to stay as positive as possible while considering other options, such as a new job. Doing something about it like this must feel a little better.
seeker:As good as it can. Thanks for your time and commiseration. 
supporter:You're welcome! I also think that's wise to hold off on retirement until your daughter is through college. My oldest is ready for college and I don't feel ready to leave work, either. 
seeker:Yep, and she's actually a senior, so she'll graduate in May. But I gotta keep my motivation up until then. ;)
supporter:You can do it!
seeker:Thanks! I guess we'll see. Have a great evening.
supporter:You too! G'night.

supporter:Hi there how are you doing?
seeker:I feel sleepy but can not sleep
supporter:That is not good. Is this a new thing or has it always been this way?
seeker:It has always been that way
supporter:Have you ever tried to get any help for it? 
seeker:Yes I have but I never was able to find someone to understand
supporter:That's  shame. Not all doctors are understanding. Are you able to see someone else? 
seeker:Yes I did.
supporter:What about over the counter stuff? Have you considered that?
supporter:I personally have found some very useful herbal remedies.
seeker:I have tried that but it does not help. The images of my past haunt me.
supporter:Ah I was going to  ask if you thought that some trauma had started this, Do you want to talk about it? 
seeker:Yes my father used to beat my mother and I would need to watch.
supporter:That sounds very traumatic. Have you ever talked with anyone about it before? 
seeker:Yes I have everyone says to move on
supporter:Well that is not very helpful of them! Clearly you are not able to move on or you would not be having disturbed sleep 
seeker:Yes you are right.
supporter:I hope these were not paid specialists you were seeing 
supporter:Are you there?
seeker:Yes I am. 
supporter:You went very quiet! What else would you like to talk about? 
seeker:I am sorry I was thinking about the trama
supporter:I am sorry to hear that, I did not mean to upset you further. Anyway I hope you can get some adequate help in the future. Anyway, I wish you all the best! 
supporter:Can you press quit and take the survey? I can't do it my end :) 
seeker:Thank you. 
supporter:can you press quit and take the survey? :) 
supporter:hello? :) 

supporter:Hello how are you today?
seeker:I am fine. thanks. how about you ?
supporter:I am well. Anything I can help with today?
seeker:I lost my job in the lockdown and I feel depressed
supporter:I understand it has een stressful for you  during lockdown unemployed, that must feel frustrating.
supporter:Is there anyone in your imediate household you can confide in with your feelings?
seeker:Yes It is frustrating. When I think about the financial issues I feel depressed 
supporter:I compleyely understand I have also lost my career due to covid. Dont give up, staying positive and open minded to new opportunities will help you find work.
seeker:Not sure how to manage mortgage payments and credit card bills : (
supporter:i see.i would call the companies themselves and see if they have programs in place to help you.
seeker:That's a nice idea. I will call the bank to see if they provide mortgage holiday
supporter:At least they might give extensions.
seeker:Can you elaborate on extensions please ? Not sure what it is ?
supporter:Also there are people willing to help sometimes in local places. An extension would happen when the institution you owe gives you more time to pay them.
supporter:I would try going to the town hall.
seeker:Ahh ok . I will give them a call and check. What does going to town hall mean ?
supporter:Going to the town hall means phsyically going to your local town hall asking for help for assistance. There should within have programs you can apply for. 
seeker:ok understood. Have you had any depression issues during lockdown ?
supporter:Once again I a, sorry to hear that you are depressed. Make sure to go ouside everyday. I have learned that healthy doses of sunshine help.Yes I have often felt helpless due this pandemic. 
supporter:I will say though that exercise, movies and lots of coffee have helped me. 
seeker:I do tried watching movies in streaming platforms like Netflix and Prime. Did you tried the same ?
supporter:Yes i normally use netflix.
supporter:prime i do no use so much
supporter:Did  this conversation make you feel any less depressed?
seeker:I get a feeling that I ran out of my favourite genres in Netflix. Did you get the same feeling ?
supporter:No i can usuallly find something new to watch. 
seeker:What are the other ways to avoid the sick feeling of this pandemic ?
supporter:Are you a real person or a computer program?
supporter:Some other ways are staying as involed with anything I can, like reading, writing, or drawing. 
seeker:I am a real person ? Are you a real person ?
supporter:Yes i am real and doing this task for amazon mechanical turk, are you as well?
supporter:Although I do genuinelly care for helping others feel ettter. 
supporter:Are you waiting for me to end this to get the higher exrra payment at the end?
seeker:Not sure how to end this conversation 
supporter:well i will end and say goodye i hope you get through this. i know you will 

seeker:HI how are you today
supporter:HELLO
supporter:going good what about you
seeker:Doing well, thanks.
supporter:how was your day
seeker:Not too bad.
supporter:it sounds good
seeker:I'm taking some classes and I didn't do well on my midterms.
supporter:Don't worry my friend there will be peaks and downs in life same in exam too prepare hard for your next exam surely you ll shine
seeker:I hope so. I don't have a lot of hope.
supporter:do u attend your classes regularly?
seeker:Yes for the most part. Unless a family emergency arises.
supporter:That's great. Did u love your studies?
seeker:I guess so. I want to have a good career.
supporter:That's a good idea. Even I had this problem during my studies
seeker:I think it's a common problem, but I don't feel good about it.
supporter:Then my friend suggested me to study at early morning rather than evening and nights. 
seeker:That's a good idea. I feel more productive in the morning.
supporter:that's great
seeker:I might try that.
supporter:Try to have a water bottle behind u when u study and try to concentrate more and its best to choose a peaceful place to study.
seeker:Yes, drinking water helps with concentration. 
supporter:you seems to be a bright student. hope you will crack your exams with high score

seeker:Hello
supporter:Hello! How are you doing today?
seeker:I am a little down today.  How are you?
supporter:Not bad for a Monday, but that's often a bummer of a day. What's got you down?
seeker:My friends, who I also work with, are upset with me because I am leaving for a new position.  
seeker:I am sad that they are upset.  
supporter:Ah, that can be awkward. Are you happy about the new position?
seeker:I am going to miss them, but yes... I am happy about it.  Maybe a little nervous.
supporter:So do you think you are feeling down more because of missing your friends or your nervousness about the new job?
seeker:Honestly I don't know.  
seeker:I think I would feel alot better about it if my coworkers were more supportive.
supporter:That only makes things tougher, doesn't it. So is there a way you could reassure your co-workers that this new position doesn't mean you have left their lives?
seeker:Maybe
supporter:What kinds of things do you think might help with that?
supporter:Could you meet for lunch or coffee now and then?
supporter:Or could you all create a standing "group chat" to touch base regularly?
seeker:Well we already have a group chat... we could keep communicating through that.
seeker:And lunch a few times a month would be nice, but they are all night shifters and I am going to be a dayshifter.
supporter:Cool! But I gather that if you already do that, you don't think that would be enough? Or would it? What else might work?
supporter:Ah, so you think that being on different shifts may be what has you all concerned about losing touch?
seeker:Yes.  We won't even be awake at the same time.
supporter:Is there some overlap between the end of your day shift and the beginning of their night shift? Is there a time you are all awake? Maybe dinner for you, but "breakfast" for them?
seeker:That is a good idea
supporter:What else might minimize the separation? Do you all have weekends off?
seeker:I will at my new job but they do not.
supporter:So maybe the "between shifts" type meeting may help? It might be hard to schedule, but I think you can do that. What do you think?
seeker:Yes, thanks
supporter:So, if the "gang" can stay together, what's got you nervous about the new position?

supporter:Hi, can i help today? Please, tell me about yourself?
seeker:hi
seeker:i'm nereida
supporter:Hi, do have any issues that you would like to share with me today?
seeker:i am in disputed mod with my friends
supporter:I am sorry to hear that. So, you and your friends are not seeing eye to eye? Do you mind telling me what the issue is that yo are not agreeing on?
seeker:I explained my personal problems but they are not giving proper response
supporter:That can be difficult and I can relate to that too. When friends do not respond the way that we feel that they should it can be really hard. Do you have any family that you are close with?
seeker:They need more money from me, but i couldn't  give  that much amount
supporter:I understand the issue of money can cause a lot of problems in a relationship. I had a best friend borrow money once and it lead to her never paying it back and we stopped being friends. Do you plan on trying to talk to your friends soon? Maybe I can give you some advice on how to approach them. 
seeker:I want to speak with them because they are in good nature
supporter:Maybe you could chose a place to meet that is neutral, somewhere at a park or at a cafe. You can ask them to reflect on the good memories in your friendship and then express how you value them as people and friends. Does that sound like something you can try?
seeker:Yes, i want to do some moderate friendship with them
supporter:That is a good idea too. Having boundaries is the healthiest part of a relationship so that neither party gets taken advantage of. Setting up lines not to cross is a great idea. 
seeker:I want to do some help to them but i don't do expect more from them
supporter:I understand that friends can disappoint us sometimes and friendships can take a lot of effort. I would recommend starting a journal. A daily journal can help you express your feelings on paper and it can help you from getting to frustrated and keeping your feelings inside. 
seeker:Yes, some disappointments show us about real face of friends, so it was an experience to me.
supporter:I am proud of you today because you reached out and have tried to find help outside of yourself. You are growing and trying to do your best. 
seeker:Sure, it is my new way of relationship to me with others
supporter:Yes, you're growing and trying to do your best and wanting to expand your boundaries and make them clear. You have taken the right approach and are on the best track to having a successful relationship in the future. Great Job! Thank you for sharing your story with me today.
seeker:Great, thank you friend
supporter:You are welcome and here for you anytime. I am able to listen and do my best to help you navigate friendships and other issues too. We are always here.

